The course talks about various techniques and methodologies. But does not get into details. For example, churn analysis. They talk about churn analysis but does not get into the details on how to perform a churn analysis.
Theoretical
I would like to hear more about models especialy predictive one but all the things about models are bullshit. They generaly talk about demand curve which is a lesson of a economics more than customer analytics. They should choose more appropriate example. Moreover, I expect to see at least the type of models and where it is used generally. It was a waste of time.  That's why I am not gonna take other modules. Adios !
The examination at the very end of every week must be taken once and you can retake it after 24 hrs, the questions must be different everytime you repaet it, add additional choices like instead of 5 choices make it 10, or use the Choose which all that applies principle. By making it rig free  you are giving credibility to the exam and the test takers itself. The reason why on line course are not taken seriously is just because you can rig the result of the exam by keep on repeating taking it and memorizing the choices in the questions. YOU HAVE TO RESTRATEGIZE HOW NOT TO RIG THE EXAM so that it has credibilty and taken seriously.
Poorly designed. The lectures just consist of people talking to the camera with little visual aids. There aren't any materials to read over or study. The transcripts of the videos come in a .txt file... On the whole, really not at all the caliber I would have wanted to see from Wharton. If I had paid for this course, I would be really frustrated.
Quiz questions were not clear. Content was subpar for a "top" university. It seems like this was nothing more than a haphazardly put together course to make money and nothing more. This course felt like a complete waste of time and I believe the concepts and material in the modules are outdated.
In fact, i think this course is waste my time because the course only have lecture. They don't tell you how to use software to solve the problem even do not give any practical homework.  Compared to other course, the quality of this course is extremely low.
It's hard to follow  along, the instructor is mostly reading of slides and the level of teaching is of a low standard. The content is actually very good but its not put together well enough for a beginner in the field to capture the information.
audio is bad. takes too long to move from the fluff and abstract to anything concrete. week 3 has A HUGE gap between lectures and quizzes.  showed some interesting concepts but doesnt tell us how we can get there and thus take data for granted
Not the course's fault but maybe when I hear the name "Wharton School" I over-expect.However professors have done  a very good job in keeping the course interactive, especially the Mary and Sharmila example.
Too theoretical. I expected that the trainers will use actual datasets and carry out some analytics. It was just theory of data collection, little bit of economics and marketing.
It's not a course for a university like Wharton. It's more professors showing their books and research without really showing any deep information.
Very high-level introduction, no new insights for a data analyst and "newbies" will probably drown in the "danger zone" due to the lack of details.
very broad level discussion . Doesn't tech you anything specific or skills that can be transferred to real world problems. Theoretical !!
The exam questions are a little out there... dont indicate retention of knowledge. Quite frustrating, I'll be dropping this course.
The fifth week course is interesting since the teacher provided lots of real world cases. However, other courses are too easy.
Talking heads - did not take advantage of the software to provide an engaging or challenging course.  No depth to the material
The Capstone project has been getting delayed since JanDont expect yourself to complete the specialization
Very disappointed! This course does not provide sufficient explanation and the materials are very basic.
Very basic, no quantitative analysis, use of graphs or case studies. very poor course.
Lecture quality hugely varies depending on lectures. P.Feder is not recommended.
Very basic course more appropriate for a high school level
I don t like this course. Really not helpful and empty
The terminology is a bit difficult to understand
Other than Mr. Raghu, this course is trash
the accent gets on my nerve
Content is mediocre
This was an incredibly weak first course in the Specialization. It does lay necessary groundwork, but there are frustrations to be found. Lectures often do not clearly cover or even completely neglect to cover content found in the quizzes. One professor in particular seems to make it a point of pride that he has elected to create a quiz that requires an understanding of the topics beyond what he is willing to be provide. There is little to no interactivity with the concepts covered, which is a big disappointment. This course seems to primarily be an introduction to using data to better understand your customers; to that point, it would have been helpful to start the course off with a case study. As new concepts are introduced, they could be tied back to the study to better demonstrate where we use descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics and how their outcomes might further guide our research. For anyone turned off to the Specialization by the underwhelming and often frustrating content of this course: keep going. I continued with Operations Analytics, which is much more hands-on and overall more rewarding. It seems to get better.
Course fails to go into any actual real-world 'customer analytics'. The focus is very high-level and just theoretical while analysis is limited to basic statistics applied in Excel (which much explanation). For context, the course talks about regression analysis but fails to explain what regression is, but just shows you how to create a regression line in Excel.Course felt more like how to use Excel rather than diving into Customer Analytics.
On a good side, this course the essential understanding of Customer Analytics and in week 5, there's some interesting examples of how advance marketing analytics help businesses. But on the worse part, this course only provides the basic ideas - too broad. Most contents are solely based on examples each lecturer thinks of. It would be great if there's a case study or a data set sample for students to analyze and come up with recommendations.
It is however a real eye opener to see the applications of customer analytics. However, I do wish there was more time to understand the statistics and the math behind the modelling. This course tells you the potential, but doesn't delve into the treatment of data. Also there is insufficient case studies and practice questions unlike the operations analytics module so it was difficult to get a handle of concepts without application.
Unlike the other three business analytics courses I completed, I thought this one was light on content, and lacking adequate coverage of concrete tools (formulas, software programs, etc.).  In addition, the quiz questions for weeks 4 and 5 seemed to come out of left field, as if they had been prepared for a longer, more comprehensive course; not based on the small amount of material presented.
Material is too introductory, barely skims the surface. It fails to dive into fundamental concepts beyond mere definitions, and the accompanying examples get bogged down in irrelevant details. The last section dealing with Application with Prof Bradlow is the only one that had some value, presenting a broad array of topics in an organized, simplified yet well-rounded manner.
This course gives you an overview of customer analytics on a very basic level, however, sometimes too basic, even on a highschool niveau. For a paid service I expect the text to be tipo-free and the questions unambiguous. Some of the answers only consider the information just given in the video but not the big picture, therefore, they  simply wrong.
The course is more than 4 years old! One week out of 4 was really badly presented, the quize is irrelevant to the material presented in that week. Perhaps it is expected from a marketing professor to over-promise and under deliver but I'm disappointed. The other 3 weeks were quit good to build a foundation but still the course is out of date
Takeaways:The course structure is undoubtedly good. The given pattern is appropriate, and easy to follow.Some audio issues persist in a couple videos. There is no feedback provided. One won't be able to check, "assess" and recheck his/ her performance in any, any of the quizzes.Regards.
This course is purely based on videos with very general concepts. There are no excersices at all or practice problems so that concepts can actually be applied. Quizzes ask for questions that are not properly explained or related to the material. I don't recommend this course.
For the price paid I would expect something more... It gives you an idea and show you examples. Good background course in order to show your interest in the subject. It could have been organized in a different way in order to make tinteractive and
Some really good weeks (Predictive Analytics and Case Studies) and some really bad weeks (Descriptive Analytics - surveys is not Descriptive Analytics and Prescriptive Analytics - which talks of marginal economics more than Analytics)
This course doesn't go enough in detail concerning the different customer analytics methods. The last part on applications focuses too much on what was going on in marketing in the past and doesn't address digital marketing enough.
The scope of the course is extremely limited. One could sit down and watch all 5 weeks' worth of lectures in one go. I would expect a lot more depth from something that is called a course. This is one good lecture at best.
The mode of assessments very often did not tally with the delivered content. Some of it was very long with a lot of points that were not even used in the assessments but instead aspects not well addressed used.
The course provided some useful insights into methods of statistically measuring customer value, however, they only provide you with the spreadsheets to input data without really ensuring you understand the und
Not very engaging, spoke a lot about companies that provide data collection and analysis vs the actual process and real-world examples of how someone can use it in a business setting. Boring delivery also
The level of questions on the quizzes week 3-5 does not match the level of the lectures and the "reading material" are just slides.  Please provide additional reading materials, the videos are not enough.
The quiz questions are confusing and ambiguous. The lectures are dry and static. Some video backgrounds are distracting (people traversing hallways and stairs).Uninspiring to engage. Dated production.
very topline and maybe too generic if you are looking for some practical and hands-on course on analytics. Customer analytics approach concept is fine, but nothing new and not really actionable.
It's not that it's bad – the sections with Peter Fader are interesting and the supplementary reading is interesting – but the level is very introductory and the content is uneven in quality.
Week 5 with Professor Bradlow is fantastic! More real-world examples and sample data sets to actually experiment with the concepts covered in this class would be welcome enhancements.
Its honestly just a primer i learned no statistical modelling or how to program or how to obtain such data (data mine?).I guess for a primer its good but application wise is meh
Although the content was very interesting and the basic concepts were good to know, the student doesn't ultimately gain any tools that they use upon exit of the course.
Experienced it as 1, a lots of quantitative statistics, 2, focused on B2C. None of these really apply to either me nor the company, so most contents will not apply.
Interesting assortment of professors but very little interaction in the course. Just 4 quizzes. Not very helpful for building a deep understanding of the material.
Gave theoretical information but no practical, applicable information to use and help me do my job better. Quizzes didn't match information covered in videos.
I found this course to be very theoretical. Could have used some customer analytical examples to segment customers and any other similar applications.
Great course, great content, I really like this course. But if English is not your first language, the exams are crafty enough to be in trouble...
Not helpful just provides only some basic insights. Not expected such type of course content, it could be more enriched in the course content.
Wasn't practical and I couldn't take away many learnings from this course. Would have liked some hands on real world problems to work on.
Too high level and there's no detail tools and exercise for analytics. I felt I didn't learn much after this course. Quite disappointed.
While these courses have interesting subjects, the content is very light, requires little effort and hence results in little learning.
Good introduction to get an helicopter view on the topic. Lacking of hands on exercises and explanation of more advanced concepts.
it was quite difficult to follow , due the language barrier and it was only overview , they could gave a bit more informa
I was expecting some models will be designed and solved in the class sessions. But the lectures contain only theories.
the course is introduction and it's not deep , i felt bored actually plus i was afraid form the Indian professor
Lots of theory and concepts, but little in the way of how to solve customer analytics problems yourself.
Compared to Operations Analytics class, this class does not provide as much applicable skills.
Very high level course, interesting as a background but doesn't really deep dive in any topic.
Need some practical application assignments instead of a quiz!
It did not satisfy my thirst for knowledge on this topic
Too basic. Rather an overview, than an actual course
Not enough real world examples
Outdated slides and lectures
Good as an introductory course for customer analytics.If you are completely new to analytics in general, this might be a good course to start with. However, if you have some prior exposure, you might not learn anything substantial. This was supposed to be a five week course, but I was able to complete it in less than seven days.How this course can be improved:I wish that the course included more quantitative elements. I wish that the course included some assignments for the students to actually develop and run some models.
Good survey of the topic but only focused on B2C.  If that were my focus, I'd give it a higher rating.  I was hoping for insights on B2B as that is my field, even if only a short video to address differences/similarities/peculiarities.
It was a good hands on basic Introduction for Customer analytics. However The introduction of descriptive,predictive and prescriptive analytics was mixed with marketing so the amount of time that could be dedicated to marketing was dedicated to introducing analytics. This course was more general knowledge and E-Commerce rather than marketing. I wanted the course to be more specific: How marketing theories help in building predictive models and What a marketing analyst knows that other data analysts don't know. If you are an absolute beginner in analytics, give it a try. Otherwise it may be too simple for you.
The lectures cover material at a strategic-high level that is easy to understand and apply (very limited technical guidance). I do wish the lectures provided a bit more technical guidance, but I got value from the strategic delivery. The quizzes sometimes dove into a level of detail that the lectures really didn't prepare me for. They also covered content that wasn't really aligned with the themes of the lectures and didn't add much value to me to learn. I found this confusing and really did not find the quizzes to be a good representation of the material, or a very useful component of the courses.
The information was useful - some material was review and some was new to me. I found that several of the quiz questions were not answerable based on the content presented in the lectures, PPT slides and additional reading material. This was very frustrating. I listed to the lectures and took copious notes. I reviewed the PPT slides and transcripts of the lectures. I read the additional material and took notes on it. But I had to take the quizzes multiple times in order to pass because some of the questions were not directly or indirectly related to the material.
The lecturer for Predictive Analytics had barely any slides so being successful meant following him completely through the video which I do not think he was as good as explaining certain concepts as the first and third professors were. The last quiz also had barely to do with the Applications content in the final week of lectures - looking through the slides after failing on the first attempt was pointless. Overall, I learned a lot but the teaching style of the second professor and the final quiz were not really indicative of what was taught during the session.
The general overview was good and a refresher what I was taught in uni 15 years ago. The material looks a bit old-fashioned and some slides look like the content was 'thrown together'. I am missing going into details, particularly in calculating optimum price. The use of Excel Solver was not even mentioned to calculate the exact price, rather than determining it through a graph which is there or there about. Also was missing kind of how to actually calculate CLV with Excel (I have seen a formula in the slides once, but that doesn't tell me much).
You can see that the teachers now what they are talking about... but this seems to be a stripped and then again stripped version of a real class. Some courses at coursera are the entire university classes and you learn a lot from them. In those 5 weeks of this course there is not that much content, so you end up thinking... where can i get more information about each single topic mentioned. References to external resources are pretty weak so far. I've loved the classes, but it each "week" could be a course on its own, with much more content.
Unfortunately I did not feel that this course entirely delivered on its objective.  At moments I felt that the number of topics being 
covered was too large and the scope too broad.  Probably the best 
lecture was week 3, followed by week 2 and week 5. Topics covered should build on each-other in a more natural progression and some introduction of practical examples and actual modeling exercises would allow the learners to try to apply some of the concepts being covered.  More examples and tie-ins to real-world usage are a must.
Pros: Concentrated material covered clearly and efficiently.  For the limited number of video material (~1/week), there is a lot of basic concepts explained well.Cons: Few specific examples, which I think reinforce the abstract material presented.  I think going though some numbers really drives a point home, and not having examples left me feeling a bit adrift.Overall: Good information and food for though, but not a lot of actual analytics.  Take if you don't have but want experience in this area.
The course gave a good overview of the techniques in customer analytics that have been used and are currently employed by the industry. However, I felt the course could've been better if it helped develop an intuitive understanding of the concepts. Taking real-life case studies and actually going about solving the problems would have more useful. For instance, a case like "Suppose you're a category manager and want to identify low-value customers, how to go about it?" would have helped a lot.
The course overall is good, and it helps you gain very important concepts in the fields of Marketing, Analytics, and Statistics. But I have to say that the Week 3 course test really ruined my experience of this course. Very subjective and hard questions, which is not at all common in the courses of Coursera that I have taken. Just made me feel tired, demotivated, and I saw in the forum that I was not yhe only one, so I hope that some kind of change can be done for future students.
Hey this was my first time learning a course on coursera and trust me it went smooth and good. i feel learned about a lot of things i was unaware about back then. I felt the content and theoritical knowledge was on point but where it lacked the most was the practical knowledge. Like i have all the information now what do i do with it when i join a firm.  Do i do the calculations myself or what? Kind of leaves you in a incomplete shell!
1) Lack of hands on practice with the Buy Til You Die model. 2) The concepts in Weeks 2 to 5 are already well covered in technology blogs and news sites - I'd have liked to see more current material such as 'Overview of Different Types of Marketing Attribution (Heuristic, Algorithmic..), 'Cohort Analyses', 'How Digital Advertising / Programmatic Media works', 'Web Analytics' etc. 3) Hands-on exercises with R or Excel would be ideal.
I found this course interesting. I have just completed my MBA  and I found that the course covered  quites few topics of what I had learned. It also helped link them better. The examples quoted from companies that are implementing analytics was helpful in understanding how it could be implemented effectively. One of the suggestions I would have is to include hands on implementation of some of the analytics tools that could be used.
The course is well designed but the examples and some content was first, outdated and secondly was in the context of the US rather than being an omnipresent firm. Also, some topics were rather discussed in brief than detail and if discussed in details the course could have been much more effective. Overall the course is a good step towards understanding a certain aspect of analytics in the field of Marketing.
1) Raghu Iyengar spoke about Regression and Regression models, tables and calculations. It would have been good if there were few slides around how Regression calculations are done. Just the formulae is mentioned, but calculations of pearson's coefficient, sloe of the line is not explained making it confusing for learners to understand.2) No mathematical calculation examples explained around RFM and WTP
I really enjoyed lectures by Prof. Iyengar and prof Bradlow. They were very helpful in understanding the basics and the applications. I also like Dr. Peter Fader's approach of teaching a concept though a story. I hope Dr. Berman can innovate and come up with more interesting ways to hold the audience and teach the concepts as currently sitting through his lectures is quite a task.
Classes were interesting, although a bit light. I would also have liked to have more explanations on the quizzes to make sure the material was fully understood. And reading references would have added to the experience. It felt a bit like the class was kept basic in order to make the corresponding "specialization" package more attractive. Slightly disappointing.
Predictive  Analysis (week 2) and Application / Case Studies (week 4), were the best part of the course, and I genuinely learned things that I will try to implement in my small family business. However, Weeks 1 and 3 were highly disappointing (to put it mildly). Maybe I was expecting something more concrete or advanced, but the material provided was too basic.
The part on predictive analytics and the case studies are actually very good. The other two  ... not so (and I stop here). Overall the course is too easy, unnecessarily spread over 5 weeks: e.g. week one and two are material for 2 days. Whilst successfully demonstrating the benefit of CA, the course never enters the nitty gritty of how to.
The course information is a bit outdated, and many slides are missing from the first couple of weeks. Other than that, it's a good course to get a general idea of what to research on the subject (it doesn't get down to the nitty-gritty details or how to calculate most of it, but the course states it doesn't, so it wasn't a surprise).
Nice intro to the concept of analytics, but compared to the other three courses (People, Accouting, Operations) - this one chould have been more detailed.The course should ideally be expanded to a more holistic "Marketing Analytics", with concepts on pricing & promotional analytics as well as measuring ROI on marketing investments.
They didn't teach badly per se, but much of the information was WAY too basic compared to what I hoped to learn. The Marketing Analytics course from University of Virginia teaches a set of skills to use for marketing/customer analytics, whereas this course only briefly describes what could be done in marketing/customer analytics.
Great qualitative overview but thats where the good parts end. I wish they actually teach you how to do the math part. It would be a perfect course if we can work on case studies and calculate customer life time value and RFM. This is definitely great course if you have no idea of customer analytics or you are in executive level.
First 2,5 weeks are incredibly boring and really hard to listen to. I almost dropped out because I hated the thought that I needed to listen to these lectures. Thankfully starting week 3,5 the situation improved significantly and the contents became relevant. Really liked the last week lectures and the way the quiz was designed.
The information is good, the professors are good, but the innovation of the methods and the point of view i think that is not on a high and actualizated level and the conclusions are so normals. I hope the next formation blocks will turn on another point of view on me. In all cases, thanks for all, i'm so happy for this.
In general terms I think the course is very useful to learn and understand basic concepts around customer analytics field, with the latest platforms, studies, etc within this field.However, I was expecting to get a little bi deeper into the concepts, with more complex analysts regardin what firms is doing nowadays.
The most interesting part was the examples at the end. I think the course would have been better if the last week's material was at the beginning. Also, more assignments would be appreciated. I find the information interesting and resources helpful, but I would like practice and some guidance on its application.
The course provided exposure to some of the new topics and techniques in Customer Analytics. Most of the video lectures were exciting but too short for any "major" in-depth learning.Course can be improved by adding some rigorous assignments and an improved list of additional reading materials.Kudos to the team!
As a beginner in the area, this churse was a good choice. I think I got a pretty good overview of the issue, unfortunately only on a  theoretical level. I would rather more practical examples that students have to analyze themselves, try to decision which models want to use and than discuss their decision.
The course brought to me lot of insights on data, data exploration, predictive analytics and prescriptive analytics. The broad definition of the terms have been understood and few example have helped to know the subject. However, even more in-depth knowledge and study material should have been provided.
Definitely a lot of useful information. I had a little difficulty with some of the tests. I think I would have done better had there been some exercises to help bridge the concepts to application. Also, some points were tested, and it wasn't clear that those points were so necessary to know.
A large gap between the presented oversimplistic modeling approaches and the presented applications. I would expect more "meat" in between. The applications part was nice, the regression and predictive part a little too basic, and the prescriptive part not really worth the time.
The course is informative and the same time quite challenging.However the main reason behind giving a three stars would be:1) No quiz at the end of each lesson2) No hands on experience3) You need to grasp the concepts at one go or else you will end up failing in the test
The contents are quite theoretical. It could be improved by adding more practical examples.I don't know if it is just me, but the sound for this course is too soft that I could not hear clearly through built-in speaker. Nevertheless, it works just fine with a headphone.
I did not find the structure of the course useful. Also even though there were a lot of examples (some of which were quite lengthy) I wish they went a bit deeper into the math behind the models. Quizzes seemed to test your memory more than understanding of the material.
The flow of the course is adequate, but some questions of the quizzes were not fully discussed in the lecture slides or material. In some other cases, I would appreciate if you could include the complete procedures of the models mentioned in the lecture slide deck.
Overall is good content. I like Eric most! The quiz part is not ideal - it does not show the explanation of the questions/answers, which is somehow frustrating to know the reason behind the answers. Additionally, the subtitles of one of the courses are not correct.
The information provide by the faculties is really insightful for a person having no marketting background. One gets to learn lots of new things. However, i feel the slides and probability model in predictive analytics can be explained in a better way.
If you are looking for an overview and have not had much exposure so far, this is a good course. If you want to go deep, it will not be sufficient for you. I would prefer a deeper dive with more examples to work with. But still this is a good start.
Not bad, most of the times boring because there were no real examples and scenarios. The professors are knowledgeable and should deliver that to us even though we pay waaaaay less than Wharton students who are fortunate to have rich families...
Very interesting course but I missed more detailed information on the presentation slides and additional reading papers. It is very helpful to introduce initial concepts about customer analytics but it misses the opportunity to go dipper on...
Overall this was a fairly interesting course, but some weeks were much more engaging and challenging than others.  I really enjoyed the challenge of week 3, but unfortunately it was followed by week 4 which was not engaging and lacked content.
Good introduction of topics, but it did assume some working knowledge of the topic.  Some of the quiz questions did not seem to have any supporting material information in the course, making trying to determine the right answer frustrating.
The material is pretty long for such a theoritical course especially with the predictive analysis part. I think the course needs to get more technical with the probability model since it is pretty important and a very practical model.
Covering basic information of customer research and tools. Not really insightful in my opinion. The structure of the course could improve a little. I think it overall fits with novice learners who are interested in online marketing.
A lot of storytelling with both an ambiguous delivery and way of asking questions. The content is, however, very interesting and engaging. Enjoyed the extra reading material and exposure to real-life research that is relevant.
This was very interesting! But we don't have the answers for the questions that appear during the course. And one more time:  The big problem of these courses is we don't have real feedback, we can't ask teacher anything.
Maybe is because is just an introduction to the topic but I felt  the content was vague. Week 3 was a little hard to understand because of the script was kind of messy. Maybe a tiny glossary of terms would be helpful.
one quiz is way too far away from what the lecturer has taught, and some of the examples need more clarification, like the one about WTP. And please take care of the volumn of the videos, some of them are too soft.
The course is very high level.  I expected much more details and more in depth materials from the course. Some assignments or case studies should be there. The course is more of introduction to customer analytics.
Interesting information and enlightening as to what major players are doing in the marketing place to improve both understanding of business dynamics, predicting outcomes and impacting actual business results.
The course is decent, though it's hard to feel like I've properly learned the subject, as the class consists entirely of quizzes and lectures. I would have preferred some more interactive assignments.
Hands on exercises and analysis would have helped a lot in practical understanding of the concepts. There were a lot of exercises in "Operations Analytics" course. The same would have helped a lot.
I'd give this course 3.5-3.75 stars. Week 3 was the toughest, and I do not think the discussion forums are the best to get the support a learner might need to fully grasp and understand topics.
The course provides a high level view about the customer analytics - good enough to be aware, however it does lack the detailed information on models. The last part  by Prof. Bradlaw is great.
Some of the courses do not have key point, especially professor Peter. When I got the quiz, I would doubt whether I took the correct one because every question seems to be out of my reading.
Great theoretical knowledge for beginner.Would recommend this course to gain insights into customer analytics   before putting hands into actual customer analytics tools and technologies.
Good, if you want to grasp the span of such discipline. Focus on a few tools and the philosophy of them.Don't expect though to get formula's explained or any assistance on the forums.
Disappointing. It is only a general speech about available technologies in the field of customer analytics rather than an Analytics course. Some interesting concepts though.
I've got the information I was interested in. Thanks. In general, the course is quite light. I would have liked to see more details, best practices, probably some practice.
Good overview course but a bit simplistic. However, I miss some practical examples that could be tried and tested out in Excel such as in the Operations Analytics course.
Good introduction to Customer Analytics and some good background knowledge. However, not a whole lot of practical application or deeper insights into "Analytics Engines".
Very good foundational course on customer analytics. It would be helpful to add data crunching exercise to have practical experience on analytics from actual data .
very high level and entry information. useful for overall entry into customer analytics but would like deeper dive into CLV and probabilistic predictive modelling.
The course was great but was very high level. I wish there were more examples and also course work to try creating regression charts and predictive analytics.
A good overview of marketing analytics. But its too vague and it doesn't demonstrate the how-to conduct analysis on the data to predict the future outcome.
Very basic course and assignments were not rigorous. I was expecting an assignment where I would have been expected to calculate CLV or predict an outcome.
pretty easy materials.was a bit frustrated because questions on the tests did not seem to come from the material covered for a few of the test questions.
Very high level intro to marketing analytics concepts. All about what you can do with it and little about how to do it. Better course for non-analysts.
The course content was insightful but I was expecting to get more hands-on experience and practical applications of the theories taught in the course.
The course was very complete, but the information needs updating, some of the data that was shown (mobile phone users, for example) is outdated.
The sound is bad, and the quiz is confusing, doesn't really match with what the teachers actually talked about, matched maybe with just the PPT
I haven't got much out of probabilistic model. the content provided needs to have better reading materiel for deeper grasping.  Thank you.
to my opinion it's too basic, was really nothing new to learn. And i also felt that the course is outdated, it's like from early 2000th...
Would have been great to have real life examples outside a typical convenience store and retail with real life tool in real life cases.
Good course for marketing people who are new to customer analytics. More concepts and models would be great for this course objective.
Interesting hints, inspiring professors, lacks formal explanations and exercises, a little too verbose. Longer would have been better.
Its good but not interesting. The speaker's and data does not match a little. But Im looking forward to start operation analytics.
All the presenters were excellent, but the content was somewhat of complicated or to me in blur. I wanted more concrete examples.
A lot of the content is pretty basic. I was expecting something a little more in depth. There weren't even any problem sets.
Not a deep dive into the customer analytics but got to know the basics which will help us to work with an academic project.
Not much content is covered. Course is quite short and doesn't teach much. Atleast should have given more study materials.
I was a bit underwhelmed by the course. It had lot of lectures and theories but limited case studies / and no exercises.
Most of the content in very basics of economics and analytics. Week 3 has good information but again it is all theory.
This course is very helpful for to who want to start from a basic level. In some videos, The voice is not audible.
It has good content but there should be more practical ways or a live project to explain the things and techniques
Good knowing about the Customer in basics . Was expecting to have more real life scenarios to be explained though.
Good in theoretical aspects....should include some practical orientation to impart more value through this course.
Fairly basic and theoretical. More applied customer analytics assignments would make the course worth one's while
That is a good course only for beginners. Actually do not expect to learn profoundly about customer analytics
The course gives only a basic idea. Some assignments capture the depth but those things are not explained.
Useful but it would have been nice to have worked through the math or worked through a relatable example
The course have informatión, examples and other text so  ancient. Tue course is not update to our days.
This course is overall good for general knowledge. Would prefer more depth in terms of content touched.
I expected a more in depth understanding of the course like learning the mathematical modes described
Quizzes are worded in a very round about manner, making passing them a test of the English language!
It is good so far but need share the written case studies which was shared during the presentation.
This course is more like an overview instead of a detailed in-depth course. But very inspirational.
The class should provide further reading to develop advanced topics. It's just a general overview.
A lot of Profs self-promotion with little substance, no math and an just guessing on the quizzes.
Should have more technical analysis level details to perform some analysis and check the outcome
Although it is quite basic, it is a good starting point for someone new in Customer Analytics
It is a good course about the usage and the application of Analytics in real world problems.
Boring. too much talk about the same thing. Online courses must be faster, in my opinion...
Teach what your exam - exam what you teach. Week 3 is especially horrible in this term :(
Week 3 are hard to understand and it is like built for someone with marketing background
Great learning experience, although it could be more practical from the very beginning.
Could have been in a detailed manner and more study material should have been provided
I think we could jump in theory a bit faster, week 1 and 2 are basically introductory.
The first week is the only one that is really worthy. The others are too superficial.
Exercises were fine, but some more detailed reference material would have been great.
i believe with more recent and new case studies on the tech-companies would be great
Overall a good course but I felt that parts of it were too theoretical and long.
Focuses more on what is there in Customer analytics than how is analytics done.
Good theory, zero practice or info on how to build, run regression or models.
Good overview course but some information is too topline & already outdated.
The course structure is good. If there is more real cases, it would be good.
Very much bird eye view. Not a lot of detail. A lot of obvious statements.
Some parts were heavy in math, but without explanation. Otherwise, great!
Including a few calculations will help in understanding the core concepts
Some errors on video of prescriptive analytics. Not so practical course.
Expected to do some hands-on exercises on data sets to derive insights.
The course could have given more insights on the current age examples.
It seemed very high level. No details, no formulas, no technical info.
Some lecture weren't up to the mark or it was difficult to understand.
practical example are need to visualize the current market situations
Course is good.But it would have been great with some data exercises.
It was full of theory. I am looking at propensity models application
Good understanding of basic concept but to less real valuable skill
Can be improved, predictive analytic s section was missing details
Good introduction to analytics. Short. Not particularly demanding.
Very basic. But pretty decent for an introduction into the topic.
It will be better to have some data to practice on regressions!!
Outdated information, but still learned data analytic insights.
I belive it was too basic and superficial on analytics matters.
Some coonection or flow was missing! I expected a lit more!!!1
Need practical knowledge on how to use models for prediction
It is more difficult than I thought. Really helpful though.
Too much information that is not integrated nor systematic.
Basic review for those with some familiarity on the topic.
Could have been more detailed into mathematics and models
More hands-on experience would make this course better.
some of the parts were extremely unclear rest was good
No Tests allowed for free is completely unacceptable
Does not have very engaging material or assignments.
need more specific tools instead of pure concepts.
The instructor is extremely dull to listen to
There are not enough quantity of assignments.
Lectures are very dry and unengaging.
Lots of talking, not a lot of doing.
I found this course difficult...
A good workout for my brain :)
week 1 is a little complicated
It's provides good exposure!
Good, but not on my scope.
not so interesting
For the secod week
very high level
good insights!
The material was good, but quizzes are riddled with issues.
Very Detailed course on Customer Analytics. And it presented quite a few case studies too, to understand the concepts better. But I felt that a hands on experience of applying Customer Analytics to a problem in a step wise fashion would have cemented the knowledge gained by this course.
I want to thank the University of Pennsylvania and the team of professors for sharing their knowledge in relation to the topic of client analysis. I leave my observations at the level of Strengths and Weaknesses from my perception:
STRENGTHS: 
1. The course has a certain level of updating in the topics according to the context of some typical companies that are in the international reference, it seems to me that it is necessary to put in the platform others very valuable in this topic
2. The course is more for a basic level - and allows to know the generality of the analytical model in its three pillars: descriptive, predictive and prospective
3. It is a first source to generate a self-training program or to enroll in a more complete program
AREAS OF OPPORTUNITY:
1. the slides have a lot of opportunity for improvement: it is not aligned with the prestige of the University, nor with the marketing theme, the slides leave a lot to be desired, they do not integrate the main models, nor the key concepts, slides of the themes are missing. One as a student has to complete the graphic models and give a structure to the visual presentation
2. There is no parallel between the visual aids and the expertise of the teachers. The teachers are very good, but the visual material is very poor
3. some tools, most of which are only talked about, but the level of support with tools that one can lower is very low. The student has to carry out a double process, follow the course and get tools on his own
4. Some material that is technical, of analysis of numbers, is talked about and no exercise of accompaniment is made
5. The threads of the forums both in the platform and in those that open in whatsapp, are not being managed by a third party as a facilitator. so it is left free to that if someone asks, that both await a response, ie the authority as a university does not follow up to meet spaces of feeding
6. This same exercise of course assessment should be done for each class, that is for each week with an individual level of approach, in other words, there is no congruence between what is given in the subject: to give value to the client /CLV) towards the future is to consider individually that value starting from the individual data, to make predictions and make decisions for the "clients" students who follow are mostly benefited in these courses. 
6. I have the doubt if these same comments will really be considered in 2 ways: one: that the University returns to whoever generated them as attention and take them into account for improvement.
Conclusion: I believe that I will continue in the program of the training package that I acquired, but I do not stay yet with being a PROMOTING CLIENT, I hope that the University does something about it, and for my part not only as a student I am willing to support their improvement program. 

Thank you
My basic interest of taking this course was to learn more about analytics and I did. I am new into this field and I found it useful to take as I am Sales Manager and it is a trending topic in the marketplace. Having said this, I do think some improvements can be made: * such as explaining how to compute the R2 in regression analysis (basically two weeks of course are related to it and as it is not explained we missed a basic core knowledge in order to completely comprehend), *professor Ron needs to explain better his lessons (example #1 he is talking about calculations, however does not show how he did it so we spend lot of time trying to figure out what he is talking about; example #2 minute 6:23 to 7:08 related to WTP, he talks about many calculations and he do not show in the slides how he did those calculations nor draw his conclussions and he moves forward without explaining so)*Profesor Eric knows a lot and he has a lot of valuable information to share. However, he talks too fast and provides his lessons without clear structure. It is almost like he did not have a clear path while providing the classes so he is mixing examples randomly, going back and forward and at the end you somehow feel a bit confused about this teaching method.Professor Raghu and Peter Fader are passionated and their teaching methodology is flawless, though quite different among them.Professors need to answer all questions from students. I constantly review the discussion forum and there are unanswered questions.Examples provided on week five are outdated. If you are charging in 2020 for it, you should update examples. Otherwise, provide a discount on it as it is outdated and most of five week is about examples.As a wrap up, it is my first online course ever and I will certainly take more courses from Coursera. Hope you take in consideration my suggestions :)
This course gives you a basic understanding of what Customer Analytics is all about. In that regard it delievers just what you are promised in the beginning. What you need to know is that some of the course content dates back a few years. So don't expect up to date materials. At the same time of course one has to say that basics don't run old, so for a basic course that's ok. It helps however if you already have a basic understanding of statistics. There are a couple of slides and models that will fall easier into place with you if you are at least a bit used to statistics. Not saying that it's impossible to pass this course without it (not at all), but if you really want to understand what is explained, the videos simply won't be enough. Again: That's ok for a basic course, because it has to start somewhere, and you can't teach on a certain expertise level if you have to start from scratch. Just be prepard that if you take this course you will come across a couple of results of data calculations where you might ask yourself where these results are coming from. The ansers to this questions are in some parts up to you to find. All in all the videos are very intersting and (apart from the calculation and statistics stuff) easy to follow. In some part it is even entertaining - and that will probably will ignite further interest in Customer Analytics. At least that was the case with me.
The course focuses upon on Customer Analytics which draws and develops into three forms of Analytics applicable (explaining from Marketing (Customer- Centric) perspective) and the application section explains broadly about the overall real- life examples.It is has a mix of theoretical and practical approaches( but somehow it could have been worked more upon, in terms of the formulaic & analytical technicalities as well), thereby making it a perfect and a staple course for interested individuals.I would recommend this course to individuals as it is strongly cerebral, requires a certain amount hard-work to understand any newer concept (especially if you are from a relatively different domain), looks into granularity and helps develop a perspective.P.S: Surprisingly, the most difficult section fetched me the perfect score! So broaden the horizon and put on your thinking caps.
The course is great on theory part. As it reaches to week 4 and week 5 it really gets very interesting. The instructors have efficiently described the internal analytics companies do and the method of graphs and real data was really helpful to learn. I loved last week course a lot when my whole perception about  analytics. I remember Sir Eric Bradlow's quote i.e Analytics is all about " One customer at a time and we need to go at granular levels to find right statistics." Other than that Sir Peter made a lot of impact on my mind by really dealing with probability model. His quiz was really challenging and helpful. I had to study a lot. One thing however I found missing was hand on practical experience for students. A assignment where learn mathematical and technical approach by using real software's and maths to  to predict some valuable result over a good given data set.
I really enjoyed having classes with all of the professors - they are all great, no exceptions at all! The course gives you a good notion of what customer analytics is and its applications. It is is full of cases to illustrate the concepts and this makes it a lot easier to learn. On the other hand, you are only invited to "practice" when it is "test time"- more exercises with on the spot feedback would be great! Also, I would love to have learned how to do all the math and graphs the professors show us!To sum up, from my point of view, it is a really good intro course, but I will have to study A LOT more so that I can attain the level of knowledge I need if one day I intend to work in this field. If Wharton decides to make a continuation of this course, please, let me know! I would be glad to take it!
I work in customer analytics, so I was skeptical about being able to learn much from this course. There's a lot of buzzwords in this space, and it can get mind-numbing to listen to.  There's a little of that in this course, but I was pleasantly surprised.  This course is worth it for it for the exposure to the BTYD model alone, which is simple and compelling.  This is the shortest course in the series at 4 hours of video time.  I recommend this course to other data scientists and analysts.  Even if you have a good grasp of the statistics and the models used for prediction, I think this is course helps to step back and get some perspective on the bigger picture of the overall usefulness to the organization.
The information and professors were very helpful and eye-opening. It will definitely help with my job and even my life because I will think differently now about marketing, stores and ads. The only negatives I have is the quizzes need to me more related to the lecture information. I feel as if some of the questions in the quizzes come out of nowhere with little to no explanation and you just have to guess correctly. Please base the quiz questions on the material, not necessarily word for word questions but things that are at least related to the new terms and models and calculations which the lectures teach about. Otherwise the course was good. No complaints except for the quiz questions.
I enjoyed all the classes on Predictive, Prescriptive and Descriptive analytics. Professors Fader and Bradlow's classes stood out for me though. I watched the videos, sometimes, twice and read their papers. Currently, I am trying to apply Prof. Fader's clumpiness metric to the analysis I am currently doing, and so far, I am seeing some positive results. Prof. Bradlow's examples all felt so real, and gave a broad insight into how many of these companies utilize business anlaytics. I'm still reading their papers, as well. Props to Prof. Iyengar and his donor example- Helping me out at work. Props to Prof. Berman, as well, with his presciptive analytics lessons.
It spells out clearly that this course will not delve into the technical side of analytics (it would have been a 5 star course for me had a few of those portions been included) but I must say I decided to stick with the course and I found the discussions of the professors very enlightening . I can be quietly confident as a manager in the future or even talk about the managerial and actionable side of analytics right now to some extent...looking forward to explore. What really matters is the action you take with the insight and not just the fancy stuff we technical guys do with the data...Both components are equally important!!!
Nice general overview of new marketing tools and focus, and related basic concepts. Some improvement can be made with regard to Week 3 material, as subtitles, more practical examples, and a succint explanation about technical method (attached paper can be a little arid for laymen in the field of statistics, I guess), and summarize some key issues to be taken into account in a more extended way at the end of this module. This one was my second course with professor Fader and I enjoyed his enthusiasm a lot, as always. Professor Bradlow review was superb, very clear and from a practical point of view. Thanks Wharton, once again!!
I really enjoyed this course and I'm glad I took it. My favorite part was, of course, Week 5 with its examples of practical application of this information, where I went like "Oh wow, that's true" every two minutes. On the other weeks, however, I sometimes felt a bit out of my element, given Customer Analytics has nothing to do with my primary major nor do I have any real experience doing it, so when the lecturers said things like "I won't focus on this, I'll just give you a quick example..." it was a bit frustrating since I felt like I was missing out on things that customer analytics professionals would understand.
Course is very useful, lots of key insights and knowledge shared by professors. The concepts are easy to understand. The models (the calculations behind) are a bit difficult to understand. I wish those were explained in one of the videos (instead of them being in reference/reading materials). Also, one or two practical examples (companies, businesses) showing end to end analytics (descriptive, predictive and prescriptive) as to the findings and actions from each would have made it even better. In any case, overall, highly recommended for those interested in understanding customer centricity analytics.
The questions have not be revised for correctness. Professor. Fader's quiz questions were hard to understand especially when negative connotations were used in the sentence 'not a beta....'  OR ' not favor a probability....' . These questions threw me off so please rectify the quizzes here and in the future quizzes for my time & benefit as well as for the rest of the students. You do not have to make the questions easy but I do not want to spend time thinking of your underlying meaning but would rather put thought in solving for something other than English.  Please have these quizzes re-read.
It is a great course and even though I have a decent amount of knowledge in marketing,  I was still able to learn new concepts and new ways of applying the concepts in order to gain more customers.The course could be even better if there were small practice quizzes after each video as it will help to reinforce the concepts in the minds of the students and also I personally believe that the course should be slightly rearranged and restructured in such a way that there should be at least one case study video related to the main subject matter for each of the first 4 weeks.
I think at the end of Week 5, Prof Bradlow gave very interesting insights on the past & future methods of marketing analytics. Great explanation and inspired me to learn more about the technicalities of customer analytics. This course is a great beginner course because most of the modules only gave introduction on all the types and steps of customer analytics (like general explanation on descriptive, predictive & prescriptive analytics). I was hoping it would get a bit more technical into the data but I still gained few important insights regardless. Thank you.
The course is well structured. In order to grasp things better, learners should note down the important points so that you can refer it in the future. Quizzes in-between each module are sometimes confusing, but there is always a chance to improve your scores, that is the best part. Some lecture videos are lengthy, which sometimes leads to boredom. I suggest learners to take small breaks in-between lectures and then go ahead with the rest of the part. Thanking you Coursera for empowering students to learn new skills with the help of your non-credit courses.
The course is very informative, concise, and most of the teachers are truly passionate about what they are talking about. The examples are amazing and very good depictions of the reality. It is also interesting that these examples are broad and cover different markets. However, it would be great if the level of english of some of the teachers would be more understandable to International students. Most importantly, it would be great if some of the quizzes were reviewed by Native English speakers. Some questions have to be inferred and not understood.
Great content with both the marketing theory aspects and the practical mathematical computations. The quizzes were challenging at an intermediate level, and really made us think about the hows and whys of the topics covered in the videos. The professors are all very enthusiastic (esp. Prof Fader) about the topic and this makes the videos extremely engaging. Only downside was that it would have been nice to have the data used for the customer RFM and other calculations, for our own tinkering and learning process. Overall, excellent course.
Customer Analytics is eye openning, this course changed the perspective I had on the business I'm in charge of, at this moment I'm not aware of hoy my customers behave over time, how many of them have churned or wich of them will likely keep using my service, I had no focus at all of my customer behavior.I gave 4 out of 5 because the course gives you a general prespective, it would be great if you could get some kind of  homework to apply these lessons to real life. I'll try to make the excercises with my costumer data base.
Extremely interesting topic.  Some of the course material needs in my opinion some rework, in particular the Predictive Analytics week.  Additional teaching or reading material would help better understand the nuances / deeper insights of the topic and be better prepared for the Quiz.  I'm NOT saying the quiz should be easier, far from that, I'm just saying more material is needed to better grasp the different topics and be more successful in the quiz as it is today.Amazing topic and Faculty!  Keep it up!
A great course for an introduction to the world of Analytics. It is a very well drafted course which hits the right balance between a little more than just introduction, and in-depth knowledge of the subject. If you are new to this field and want to explore it, this course is perfect for you. It gives an interesting insight to the heights of usage of analytics in the world around us. By the end of the course, you will be able to answer yourself the question that should you be pursuing this field.
Basic course on how to get a basic knowledge and literacy on the subject. I would have liked more real-life oriented questions - the chapter about customer centricity (Fader) is more about theoretical accomplishments and publications by the course professors, with lots of theory in it more than "how do I get to solve important corporate day to day business problems with this kind of knowledge"?. But it's every university-level course flaw, I guess.Letting this alone, great course.
Lecturers apparently have huge knowledge which is appreciated. However, I wish there is more knowledge in the materials/videos (for now, I think we just touch the subject without diving into the details). In addition, some of the exam questions were not covered in the materials (in my belief). However, this may be an advantage, that made me browse internet for more information which probably impact my learning process positively!Anyway, I found this course as a good one!Thanks!
I feel so awesome after going through this course! Its really informative but I really wished there was more to do and learn while elaborating concepts , more deeper. I understand its not possible to do so for online courses, but I really want to dig down more on this and it has definitely opened new doors for my thinking towards customers & monetising business! Thanks a ton to all the lovely instructors without whom this concept would never have dawned on me!
Overall the material is solid. You need to have some marketing/analytical knowledge, otherwise some terminology or concept can be a little challenging to gasp at times. In my opinion, week 3 and week 4 were the most challenging in terms of depth of material and wording of the quiz questions. Week 5 was really interesting because there were many great examples that most of us can relate on a day-to-day basis.
The course provides high-level information but lacks a bit more of details or resources for people to know how to start applying the models. In addition, some info is already outdated in 2020 and could benefit from a refresh for the applications and case studies. Overall, it's a decent course to provide a high-level understanding of customer analytics for non-statistical / marketing people.
Really cool and informative course -- changed the way I see analytics and the purpose of data collection! Really interesting and informative perspectives and research is shared. I felt like I was being lectured to and the quizzes are surprisingly challenging! I would loved to get some practice quizzes on regression and getting practice with excel-based questions and calculations.
Rich content with great examples. Professors are awesome.My feedback would be to provide better content in the slides so we can review them at a later point in time and understand. The slides currently are very abstract.The other feedback is some of the questions for the quiz are difficult to understand and more to do with how the question is interpreted rather than being tricky.
Insightful course....helping to catch up executives with the latest developments in Marketing Analytics.While it is good for a high-level strategic overview,I would've also liked some intro into specific tool-boxes and models.( say,NLP,or use of MARS,,etc.) Additionally, pls provide specific reading for Prescriptive Analysis section ( for students without economic background)
It would be better/more helpful if the professors taught the actual models that business analysts use every day. I am just getting into business analytics from a different field, and would have appreciated learning/knowing how to perform things such as probability models, churn models, etc. that they reference in their videos. Overall this course was a good introduction.
I love most when Prof Eric Bradlow tell how tremendous of impact using customer analytics in different corporate. However real to-do-assignment is still missing here (such as work with modelling in real programming).  I think this course is good for having an insight what customer analytics can do in various field. Thanks a lot Prof, highly appreciated for the knowledge
Great class for everyone. I am an industrial engineering student and I am constantly using regression analysis. It was great to know how I can use different statistical methods used in quality management in other disciplines. As a recommendation: Applications part was my favourite so I would like to see more applications of customer analytics by big companies.
Being in the industry, we tend to take things for granted and this course enabled me to course correct my view on how technology combined with market research is changing the customer dynamics.  I enjoyed every module and the professors were very sensitive to deliver the complex content in a easy-to-understand manner.  Looking forward to the next modules.
it would be greater if the course can show us more real-world case study from what data we have and what we gonna do with the data to have that recommendation for the company. So far it is more likely to be a conceptual course that show us what kind of technologies and what data is trending now. But overall, a very good course for BA beginners :)
This course provided a good overview of the concepts and applications of data analytics in business. Learning about how to analyze customer behavior was interesting and very applicable to real life. Some of the quiz questions were difficult, and having the ability to review and understand right/wrong answers for study would be helpful.
Covers the purpose, expected results, and the current use by firms well, but does not go far enough in to how the models are assembled or how to apply them to actual data sets. Week 3 needs to be reexamined to provide students with the tools to effectively complete the summary quiz without external information sourcing by individuals.
The course content was substantive, interesting, and presented very well.  The educational experience will be enhanced if, at some point, you provide comprehensive answers to the quizzes so students can fully understand, both their correct and incorrect responses.  This information can be make after a person passes a particular quiz.
This course is excellent to understanding the basics of how to get data, analyse it and making conclusions out of it. You can not only visualize the material, but you can model and practice with it either on Excel or R. This course is not only theory, but they explain possible outcomes and projects of knowing the customer's data.
Some choices in multiple choice questions were all correct and it's almost impossible to know which one is the most correct among the options due to poor quiz design. Academic papers and extra reading were nice to have but in Week 3 the platform should have forced the user to click on Further Readings before attempting the quiz.
I would definitely recommend this course to my friends and colleagues as it is very effective to giving one a foundation to how to analyse customers, especially at an individual level in order to make better business decisions. How, What and Why questions relating to customers are answered after taking this course. Thank you
A great introduction to a very complex topic. It provides a great overview and a starting point of how customers' data can be used (and are being used) in many different concepts. Something that could be improved in the future is to provide a bit more quantitative approach (and more examples) with the theoretical concepts.
This course gives the perfect platform of tools, case study examples to explore the content on Customer Analytics. It also emphasizes on the importance of measuring the customer behavior & satisfaction. Also helps the student to clearly visualize the difference between BIG DATA (CUSTOMER DATA) vs ANALYTICS (Customer data).
This course was indeed very helpful. Helped me open my horizons and the way i think. I live in a Pakistani market which still has a long path ahead but nonetheless the marketing techniques discussed in the course are not very far ahead. It would be great to inculcate a few ideas at my workplace leading to better results.
The course is really good and well explained . One feedback though was that the predictive analytics quiz was quite tough and even on going back on the videos it was really tough, May be the professors could have explained randomness a little more in detail. But overall the course is really great and has great content.
Interesting and well-taught course. The information is a little outdated. Note that there are marketing terms one must be familiar with before taking the course (or look up during) in order to understand what the professors are saying. Although taught by different professors, this course had incredible continuity.
This is a good course if you are now in analytics (that's my case), but also, I would have prefered if they had gotten into a more deep explanation about tools, specifically in the predictive analytics module. In summary, I think teachers are great, but they should explain better and get deeper into the topics.
Exceptional course in content.  At least one of the exams left too much to the student.  Data was not/not covered in the course leading to a disconnect in the material and test.  If that is corrected, this would have been 5 for 5.  This is my 19th course with coursera and it would have been the first 5 for 5.
great topic - super content from many varied individual perspectives! Some of the interviews / presentations were too thin - or too fast. This is expected of course - but the quizzes where still geared towards thorough understanding. I still valued and learned from the content and am glad this was available.
I found the material fantastic and being able to read the text while the lecture was going on was very helpful and there were times that the volume control did make it difficult to hear the professor.  I also found it mildly amusing when Prof. Fader was giving his talk the kids behind him taking pictures
Great content, but I expected a bit more modern tools in the delivery. Too much cold power point and very little interactivity or any of the tools that help with retention. In some tests there are questions written to be tricky and not to evaluate learning. Also some questions on detailed not discussed.
I found this course interesting and informative. However some of the concepts could be presented with more details and know how. Some of the data presented in slides were hard to read. Also it would have been helpful to demonstrate some of the calculations that would help the decision making stage.
Great course to study, at the beginning of each course it takes a while to get into it then the light bud comes on after you try to take the test the first time and fail it, then you pay attention and listen to the videos again.That is when you know Customer Analytics is a thing you do every day.
Though I liked the course as it provides the basic knowledge of where the data analytics is applied in tracking the consumer data and applying it in analytics. I would have loved it even more if more technical details were provided with the course and programming exercises were also included.
Professors are great, especially Mr. Iyengar Just one improvement suggested that to be more clear when speaking as the professors teach a whole lot of things but everything comes in the exams in twisted form as it takes a lot of time to understand the things taught and answering it in exams.
It's both useful and interesting to see how analytics can be leveraged in marketing practices. I hope this 4-week course could be longer and introduce more assignments of interactive types rather than simple choice questions. Anyway, thanks to three insightful professors from Wharton School!
Thanks for such an amazing course to drive down the knowledge in very specific manner and being concise with the definitions, models and examples. More recommendations in reading part would actually get me learn more insights about the topic as I'm a newbie. Thanks a lot for this !!!
In the quizzes I would prefer to have at least one numeric problem to solve (i.e. a simple regression model), for the sake of students, that are not aware what is regression (as in this course it is just briefly talked about), to learn how to define a model and to solve it.My 2 cents
Learnt a lot in this course. Really good examples to make you understand the theory and its application. But I think the videos were made in 2012 and some of the concepts cannot be put to practice now but it definitely lays a strong foundation for your marketing analytics endeavor.
The course was very fruitful learning experience with very obtrusive knowledgeable content in slides, which gives you deep understanding of customer analytics trends in real world time. However during few lectures the speed of teaching was bit fast. Overall it was good experience!
The module taught by Professor Peter Fader needs more emphasis how he came up with the model, and the material he teaches does not cover much of the quiz questions. I enjoyed Eric Bradlow module the most, which was pretty much based on real cases and applications in today's world.
It is a great course, and would recommend it to anyone. A little more in depth explanation in terms of the various calculations / formula's used throughout the course would have been beneficial. But overall a great course to take, specially if you are running your own business.
Had some really great examples of actual companies and their usage of analytics, as well as some basic concepts. The instructors are knowledgeable and passionate about analytics. I wish there was a bit more in  the way of assignments that used the formulas taught in the class.
This class was very informative and made me think critically. I learned a lot of new skills. My only concern with the class was that some of the test questions seemed to be very "hidden" within the information provided and didn't seem to be the "main points" of the class.
The course is good for introductory understanding of some concepts. Some quiz questions were a bit tough esp. the ones from Peter and did not appear from the course.  I recommend this course if you its been a while since you did a graduate or undergrad business course.
There's a lot of discussion around what customer analytics is but not a lot of practical application to implement. I know in the beginning it said the course wouldn't be a lot of in-depth research, but the knowledge I've learned from this is extraordinarily high-level.
Theoretical part of the course is fantastic! Everything is explained nice and clearly. I wish there was more practical use of knowledge involved.I have always dreamed to do MBA at Wharton Business School and  thanks to Coursera I am one step closer to my dream school.
Thus far very informative, I'd give it the 5th star if it had had more practical content and maybe more case studies to work at and apply the knowledge acquired. In any case it opens up many more options to work with customer data and provides very valuable insights.
This course deals with what are the different types of data available and how to collect them and analyse them from the scratch. But could be better if they teach how to do programming atleast with excel so that the regression models and all can be easily understood.
Well thought out course - great start for beginners as it equips you with foundational knowledge. But, since the knowledge has a great depth to it, it makes it even more valuable for those looking to take these foundations and apply them in a more advanced manner.
The course is very useful and surprisingly easy to follow and understand. However, I felt sometimes the lessons and literature was too simple for the complex issues/subjects that are taught. Some more supporting literature would drastically improve the course.
The course content was good. The right level that I was expecting.However there are some areas of improvement. 1) Some of the explanations were 'incomplete'. It felt like the math was skipped at times.2) The right answers to quiz questions are never displayed.
Interesting and well planned course to get started in the concepts of customer analytics. Good examples and explanations, useful, simple and accessible. You learn to understand how to face the first steps to perform customer analytics and focus on data models.
It is good in general and it covers quite a lot os aspects. Nevertheless, It is very basic at first if you have basic business knowledge. By far, the last week with Eric Bradlow is the best.By the way, the indian professor speaks too fast for me to understand.
Great Introductory course. Tests, in my opinion, were not the best. For Example in week 3 there was  a question about attribution problem. The attribution problem was not covered till week 5. I also could not find some of the answers to the questions asked.
A good course that will be useful for anyone looking to understand more about business data. I wish the instructors walked through the regression models a little more to show how to make estimates when there isn't any existing price or quantity data points.
It's very helpful when the professors lay out a model and then a use case to follow.  Predictive Analytics with Peter Fader was hard for me to follow, it felt less analytical and more abstract.  Otherwise, it laid a great foundation for customer analytics.
Solid overview of customer analytics and how descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics interconnect to support firm-level decision making. Content not overly difficult. Challenging quizzes required reflection and thought, vs regurgitating content.
I loved the concepts which were introduced in this course. Although this was clarified by the course professors at the start, I would have loved to attain deeper knowledge about the various quantitative aspects of the course involving predictive modeling.
Interesting! More areas to learn from the course shared by professors. Will be more fruitful to give more examples and case studies on methods used by companies and % of improvement, benefits & ROI using customers analytics from companies' perspectives.
The teachers are experts in their fields, however some of them spoke very fast, they sometimes did not explain properly the ideas, and the slides were very basic. I recommend to revise and reestructure this course, including customer analytics updates.
This was a highly informative course. However, the exam for the third week was very confusing. The speaker was very engaging but he did not provide enough info or related links to help students. Maybe you should revise the lessons for the third week.
For a beginner like me, this course provided lots of insights and valuable knowledge about customer analytics. Certainly if you need to get a strong hold on the subject, you need to deep dive more but this definitely helped me to up-skill myself.
I loved it but it is important that if you want to start this, you must be willing to do some external investigation and study because it is needed in order to complete explanations and deeply understand material and answer some test questions.
Predictive analytics part should be done in a very basic way instead of hard language . And the mathematical part must contain detailed mathematical formulas and calculations of certain termed techniques. .Case Studies part is very interesting.
Great content !! Helped get a good grasp on how analytics is used by Business to get value from customers, although I would add the course lacks practical approach. It would be great to add practice problems to learn algorithms in a better way.
Very good for the basic knowledge. Each part should have an associated project. Its understandable that due to busy schedule candidates would find the course material little difficult with project but it would have created a wonderful impact.
Study material should be with more in detail with basics although videos were quite knowledgeable and insightful, slides were not matching with that. Videos should be shorter in timing. max. The time of video lecture should be 9-10 minutes.
Thanks for this experience!
I am Ecuadorian, having the experience of studying at an international university was really fantastic.About the class, I have a recommendation. We need more explanations of long-term forecasting models.Nice job!
This course has equipped me with an amazing insight into how firms use customer data to make important business decisions. I honestly was surprised by this course when it helped me learn how firms use customer data for strategic leavaerage
A very good course especially if you want to know about customer analytics from the scratch. The professors presented and explained the concepts in the easiest way possible. Just, that the hard core hands-on analytics could not be covered.
Great introduction to customer analytics. It may not satisfy advanced learners, but if you are unfamiliar with the procedures behind collecting, reviewing, and acting on customer data, this course will definitely set you on the right path!
I still think there is some parts that need to be fixed, for example the lessons on week 4. This course gives me much information,even mostly in theoretically. Hopefully the customer analytics in the future can cover some technical aspect.
A well designed course which gives detailed understanding on Customer Analytics. Starts with basic understanding and by the end you get to understand the best of this craft being employed by some revolutionary and successful businesses.
Excellent material and very practical and relevant examples.  It was no walk in the park.  Required thinking and reasoning ability to complete it successfully.  I really enjoyed learning about this exciting area of Customer Analytics.
It would have been a 5 but unfortunately I could not get the contents of your last three videos. I had to depend on the learning materials. But altogether a great course, presented by wonderful academics and in a clear, simple terms.
good for Beginner level and lots of fundamental detail and viewHowever, for the modern perspective the last chapter are the best related chapter and explain the link and cases of how knowledge can be apply in real business world   .
Quite a good course for a stater to customer analysis. Professors are really knowledgable and have substantial skills to impart the right knowledge. The only thing missing was the practical implication in the course like assignment.
Some very unique and interesting example of business application of customer analytics. however , the real world calculation of arriving at Regression model ,, predictability model and CLV could have been explained in greater detail
Would like to view the answers which I have not correctly answered. Maybe these can e published  the end of the course so that people don't misuse.The content for Week 5 was the best and most appropriate from a marketing persons POV
Good material for introduction. But it does give a very high level view into the intersection of industry and academia. The course starts with the caveat of not promising to show any techniques.. so dont expect much technique here.
A closer approach to all of us interested in a marketing career. The techniques taught in this course are effective. The only thing to improve in my opinion is the amount of information. I think it has to be a more complete course.
I have learned a lot from this course. But I did not like the quizzes much since many questions are somewhat can be considered related to the topics but very specific to some fields, so not everyone will be able to understand it.
The content itself was fair but was at a high level and very light. But I found the test at the end of each module to be very convoluted. I understand the need to ensure that students understand but the Q&A were some what obcure.
Brief summary and introduction to business analytics with insights what's coming nextPractical examples, simple language to follow, feed for thought, great insights and extra reading and resources. Would love to see what's next!
Some of the lesson was pretty abstract, and a couple of the facilitators were not very effective in helping me grasp the lesson they taught. Overall I learned  a lot and I plan on continuing with the certificate program. Thanks!
You should have included several small quizzes across each week rather than one quiz at the end of the week. Ideally, each video should have 1-3 questions inside to correctly gauge information transfer and attention to details.
Offer a very interesting perspective on collecting and analysing data that support business decisions. I'm particularly impressed with the very organised structure of the lessons and easy-to-understand lesson. Highly recommend!
There was something new for me to learn in every module.  The introduction is a great base for further work and exploration in many directions to support either a broad business knowledge or deeper work in business analytics.
The information contained in this course is a bit dated. Considering this course gives emphasis to technology, it could use an update. The underlying principles were solid and I enjoyed learning within this environment.
More hands-on practice using spreadsheet models and programming exercises (e.g. R).  The content is useful and concise, but would also be nice to reference any good textbooks as well to get to the nitty gritty details.
The content was really good to get overall picture of customer analytics and understanding foreseeable advancements. Few topics such CLV etc could have been covered with some more depth. Overall it was really nice.
I was hoping for some practical cases with collaborative assignments.  Some basic statistical models to play around with and submit in terms of research.  The views and cutting research presented were mid blowing
Very informative and easy listening to the courser videos. Quiz questions are tricky and it is difficult to find the answers even after reviewing them. I prefer short quiz, may be two or three for each topic.
Good Course for starters, covers the brief introduction to customer analytics . Course bring out the introductory gist of the customer analytics,but a more focus to be drawn towards predictive analytics.
The professors can better provide some demonstration or explanation for the quiz answers. Or some online mentor support would make this online course even more effective and beneficial to our learners .
Very interesting course and well presented. I particularly loved the final week presented by Eric, looking at case studies and discussing how customer analytics is being applied now and into the future.
Some of the quiz questions are really hard to answer even if you review the course materials for several times. I believe those sets of questions may not be necessarily related to the course presented.
It had glad opportunity for me to learn this from this greate professors. Before learning course i am very confused about customer analytics and predictions. But now i everything understand about this.
I enjoyed the content. Some of the professors were more concise than others. I would prefer more slides that watching professors talk. I am looking forward to the other classes in this specialization.
The material was interesting, current and communicated clearly. However, i did feel that some of the quiz questions were poorly phrased which created confusion. Would certainly recommend it to others.
Good course for starting to know the important of data and how to manage that into customer development - customer analytics. The presentation really clear combine with explanation from the lecturer.
Good intro to the course. Would like it if the course had more use cases or technical skills taught, just so we can use the knowledge learned in real life situations. But the overall course is great!
Great introduction to concepts. I value these courses because they hold the potential to optimize education and provide skills that will be necessary and essential for today's and tomorrow's markets.
In 3rd week Video ,there is less content.Also some question cant be answered though there is no explanation given in video syllabus(Questio_ Genuine  data mining Technique)   as asked in  assignment
Interesting look at how analytics can be used at the individual customer level.  Not intended to help participants do the actual data work, but good for providing awareness about what is possible.
The first lecturer sounds boring, but the quality of other lectures is increasing. I enjoy the last lecture most where I can see the real value of analytics in business. Thanks for a nice course.
Good course, however very theoretical, but i guess thats the objective, to give an overview into Customer Analytics. It would be good to have the quizzes a bit more quantitative than Qualitative
It was great, but the last week went pretty fast. Too much information and I felt there wasn`t enough analysis to understand better the situation. But overall, it covers pretty good the subject.
The undoubted plus is comprehensible for learners content. A big thank you for that!But in my opinion course is also too abstract, it may be better to give more practical examples of data usage.
I got a broad view of basic business analytics, which is great. But some of the quiz is not that relevant to the lectures. I was confused by some of them. But for the overall course, not bad.
The course is good, but could be improved by adding more structure to the content and by correcting the tests. week 2 and 5 tests have questions that weren´t explained in the videos/readings.
I have two commentsThe prescriptive analytics content is very weak. Also the quiz for predictive analytics contains questions not covered in the content (eg. diagnostic on a model's validity)
Was really interesting...but the predictive Analysis part wasn't well detailed, the clumsiness was something else. I mean the illustrations and all. But all the same,it was really impactful.
I found this course productive and useful. Highly recommend it to people who are interested in learning 21st-century marketing. Thanks to Wharton School and Coursera for creating the course.
I learned new information on how to look at customer data and evaluate customer loyalty. I am not sure how I will use this information, but it may be valuable in models I may need to build.
Course provides the essential information on the topic from a top level, providing a broad range of knowledge, however it doesn't go into depth as to how to execute the models discussed.
Good eye-opener for the theme. Definitely a starting point for either people interested in pursuing this career, but also for consume to better understand the business world around them.
This course was very insightful and informative for the understanding of what to look for (types of questions to investigate) and how to go about constructing the data on our customers.
We need to work more on the information flow through the lectures, students can easily lose track (except, the fifth week was great in reiterating the outline).otherwise great material
This is a very useful program to understand the basic concept. Faculty explanation was crisp and easy to understand for beginners. Expecting more such courses but at an advanced level.
Was useful study.  Would be great if more in depth data set models covered by any of the professor with real life case, by applying techniques likes RFM models, Market Basket Analysis.
It was a great opportunity to study on Customer Analytics. Though I have read some techniques during my under grad study but I was not aware that when and where to apply these models.
Would have liked to see more quantitative parts!Maybe for next time an assignment where we get an excel sheet and we need to identify ourselves which customers are the most profitable
Great amount of theory was covered, only the PREDICTIVE one was going over the head, but was able to google and map the concept/context and understand.
Thanks you for this.Babuprasad
I'm a non-business major student and I find myself learn some interesting  theories and facts through this course. Though I hope there will be more technological contents included.
Business Analytics with specialization in Customer Analytics is recommendable course for those who have data driven marketing analytics background and wants to enhance their skill.
More of a theory part, but it could improve drastically if some basic practical knowledge is been given, like it could even be excel analytics for few models. Rest it was Amazing!
Very good thank you.The rate is that I am very much into People Management in concerns than customers, but progress in this field, from Sales to Customer Analytics is tremendous!
The content was absolutely engaging and covered recent trends which is the need of the day. Wonderfully delivered by the resource persons in a crisp manner. Kudos to the team!!!
It is a very informative course, precise to point and a lot of subject covered within a time period. It can be even more helpful if technical stuff could be explained. thankyou
Much of the last two weeks was either unnecessary information, or the quizzes contained answers that were somewhat arguable in different contexts.  Overall, a valuable course.
The course was far better than I expected. It has covered all the various portions that one need to know while they are trying to analyse customers. Thank You for the course.
Great lesson to learn about customer analytics. But I was expecting this course to be more practical. Maybe the professor can teach us how to analyze those data case by case.
Most of the calculations mentioned in the slide could have been elaborated. Better & slightly complex examples with multiple variable could have been included in the lesson.
Is a useful recap of the things I learnt in the past, course could be more relevant with recent examples. Will be useful for someone without any prior marketing background
The practice questions and the level of difficulty for the final quizzes should be a tad more than it currently is to make the course more engaging as well as challenging.
a broad but very usefull introduction in number crunching: you will discover methods and techniques that you can learn to improve the quantitative approach in your company
I think the information on this course is presented really well, and it is a good way to learn about the terms and different information sources, but it is a bit outdated
Very useful course to understand the customer analytics. The course curriculum is beautifully designed.Expecting more of application based examples in the video lectures.
Very good explanation of the basic concepts and marketing practices in data analytics. Would have been much nicer to work on some practical models on excel with big data.
I loved the whole course generally and best was "Applications". I would love to see some more math and models applied to the real world, in small and large businesses.
Very good course for beginners in this field. I would have appreciated more if there was more maths involved in this course as many topics are not explained in depth.
A practical course filled with business acumen. Learn the nuances of Customer Analytics from Wharton School. A few case studies can make the learning more effective.
The course was ideal to give the student insight on what they can focus to improve productivity and efficiency of an organization. I am grateful for the opportunity.
This course has been very useful to me. I have a much complete idea of what customer analytics means. Also I feel more confident abour business analytics as a whole.
The course is a great introduction to customer analytics, but no more than a introduction. I would have liked to see some better and deeper examples and aplications.
It was quite interesting to know the modern customer retention and predictive strategies used by big firms.Thanks to all the professors for their valuable efforts.
Course is not at high level nor low level , it helps the students to approach level by level with difficulty . Most of the real time examples are worth  ! Thanks !
Topics were pretty interesting an very well explained in simple and concise manner.  More detailed step-by-step explanation and illustration may be helpful though.
If the professor could give more maths insights and mathematical deductions on his paper, I will definitely give 5 stars!! Really a nice introduction on customers!
Would have loved to understand the calculations behind the probability models in the predictive analytics section, giiven that this is a beginners level course.
The lectures are great, I have been imparted a lot of knowledge, and like Mr. Eric said, it's not just because it's good to know, but it will have applications!
Amazing coursework for an all-round knowledge about marketing analytics and how is it used by the industry. I hope to do an advanced course soon on this topic.
I followed the course to learn more about RFM models. There's a nice introduction to it, but it's not covering this topic in depth. Still looking for more now.
Really like it, it is helpful too, except that some slides can be a bit too wordy + boring. Try to use different types of media in terms of teaching please :)
It was a great experience, well paced and the subject matter was clearly explained. It could use more, deeper content - it feels like scratching the surface.
Very intesting introduction to Customer Analytics. My first Coursera course but will definitely want to complete other courses of University of Pennsylvania.
All the slides were filled with information. Still my favourites is Eric Bradlow as he connects more by giving more indepth examples which we can relate to.
It was an interesting 5 weeks course, getting to under direction Models that can be used , understanding ways to gather data needed for customer analytics.
Fantastic course! Definitely learned a lot about Analytics, specifically in marketing towards customers. Really enjoyed the segment regarding case studies.
The first 3 weeks of content are kind of boring, but the last week really wraps it up and makes a lot things happened in my life make sense to me suddenly.
The week four and five were the hardest ones to follow, maybe it was just my fatigue after the first parts, or they need to improve in something in there.
The course structure is very good. It will be good, if there are more live examples for each topic discussed in the course.Thanks Coursera for the course.
The instruction was somewhat uneven (Professor Fader's lecture was outstanding; the high point) but generally I took a good deal of value from the course.
It covers quite a lot data exploration methods during the course. However, they are not deeply introduced. It can be better explained with more materials.
very informative and useful. gave me a clear understanding of what customer analytics is and how applying customer analytics can boom a business or firm.
Very informative. Very basic and reader-friendly. Even if I have no knowledge about this topic before, I can still catch up with most of the points here.
The module was good. I just would like to have more cases in how companies are implementing customer analytics and overcoming the challenge of poor data.
This is giving a basic foundation about customer analytics. They have teach what are the tools to use for customer analytics but not in a technical way.
Great high-level overview!  Would like a little more detail on some of the mathematical calculations that should be employed, but otherwise great info!
A good starter course to understand about what to look for when looking at customer analytics and who to target and what to expect from actions taken.
It presents a relevant but very superficial content. In addition, the materials are too old and need updating to better reflect the current reality.
some of the material around attribution is clearly outdated to current market offerings. the content needs a refresh, has antiquated references too.
The course gives very good business ideas driven by analytics. However it would be great if the course could have been more practical/data oriented.
A very easy explanation for all the concepts. One can easily relate the examples to understand better. Thanks for the additional reading materials!
Very informative, but would not pay a penny for this course. Wharton is holding on materials and only giving out very brief introductory knowledge.
I think it need more practical parts, the tools that can be used along with the techniques and best practices.But the over all thing was very good.
Some of the key information are outdated already, like the marketing strategies being used by different companies in the last part of the course.
Could had been more detailed with a few models examples for determining customer value and examples of data predictions and prescriptive actions
Good to get an overview about the current ongoing trend in customer analytics. Helps the learners get comfortable with the language of analytics
Really good overall, but week 4 was very weak compared to the other four. Less engaging, very basic, and didn't add anywhere near as much value.
It was a really nice learning experience there was a lot to listing too but  kind of came to know more about how a customer is analysed online
A really insightful gaze into the world of analytics. This is a real career opportunity for me and I'm glad I managed to take this first step.
A solution set to all the questions or at least the question not answered correctly in quiz with explanation would help improve understanding,
Very informative. But I wish it was a bit more detailed and specific on the type of tools. And helped us derives calculations using the tools
Some of the information on the tests was difficult to extract from the course and there are still a few questions I don't know the answer to.
Good course and good introduction, lacking some more specific analysis tools if you only take this course instead of the whole specialization
I'd have preferred if it had a touch of practical/calculative aspect to it. Otherwise from theoretical point of view, the course was great!!
A few more real life examples on how to use the formulas would have been helpful. Some questions in the quizzes were not covered. Otherwise,
Great course as it provides a great set of examples of use-cases.  My only recommendation would be actual examples of some of the data sets.
Excellent overview of basic customer analytics, reading materials provide food for thought and insights that were previously left unnoticed
The course is fast paced and covers all fundamental topics which will lay a strong base for future learning. Very well put and structured.
Brilliant course but it would be great if they go into much more depth. It is a great course who are just starting in the analytics phase.
As a law student, I would recommend you to teach by using slides in every class so the non-business students can follow the course easier.
If there were more examples and real calculations like in the other courses of the specialization, probably this course will be the best.
This course gives a very high level understanding on the customer analytics concepts. Predictive analytics covered here is total waste !
While the course was good but week 5 made it more special with more real-time examples and explanations creating interest in the field.
Good course. I found some videos hard to follow and I'd love to see more real life applications of the tools explained in the course.
The course is precisely constructed and quite challenging. I liked the quizzes and how they made me understand the topics thoroughly.
Great overview of Customer Analytics and the key challenges, opportunities when it comes to applying analytics to purchasing behavior
Sessions of Week 1 and Week 5  are excellent. It is just an overview look much more details how to apply those skill in real world.
Basics are good, few of the prediction formulas not shown. What the statastic formulas used and how to use in real life is missing.
The information was great.  My only issue was with the quizzes.  If you got the answer wrong, it doesn't explain why it was wrong.
Very informative for sure, but I would appreciate it much more if a hands-on practice or elaboration on how to would be provided.
the second test was not based on the lectures, it was a waste to go through them all the answers were in the additional readings.
This course gave great insight hoe analytics can help to manage, and win over new customer and how effective it is for marketing!
Excellent Course material. Would have preferred to have some hands-on analytics exercices but for which, this was truly perfect.
Good to start with, but it would add more value if we have some assignment for real experience, some case studies to work upon.
Good course, but it's just didn't go too detail on calculations, it's quite important to enhance hard skills as well. Thank you
Brilliant course! Really helped me gain an insight about customer analytics from both a theoretical as well as application POV.
Nicely presented course, though there could have been more hands on exercises for the participants to internalize the material.
I wish the application slide could have certain assignment of a particular company to brainstorm upon. like a peer graded one.
Very informative although it does not say how the data was acquired and does not teach the softwares used to process the data.
The course was really useful and gave a create insight about how to go about with customer analytics.Thanks for the course :)
The concepts are explained clear but I wish there will be more data analytics contents, especially the predictive model part.
Good knowledge, not enough application. Would have liked some assignments or case studies to apply the data through models.
Learned a lot from this course. Very useful for the beginners who want to know the key concepts in the customer analytics.
Great course. It could use some more hands on examples using excel for the predictive and prescriptive analytics sections.
Good course. I learned some basic marketing techniques, customer-focused analytic models and the power of the digital age.
the idea is very good but the example is very limited, and the lecture notes are not enough,i expect some more information
We can have more updated case studies. the Netflix case study was very interesting.I request more such practical examples
Excellent course for conceptual understanding. Could do a bit better with application orientation in some of the modules.
Informative course however only theory has been included with no practical application of concepts learned in the course.
The study material is very helpful and very clearly stated. All the professors made it really easy for us to understand.
Insightful and informative. Real life examples are ample. Could include more challenging quizzes and evaluation metrics.
an amazing course, the use of examples have made it so easy to understand and also gave us reason to remember for long.
The content of the course is very interesting but I was expecting more exercises with the applications of the concepts.
Some of the CLV questions were not properly taught. Also Data collection is not discussed with regards to new ventures
Lectures were interesting and accessible. Quizzes were a little cryptic, even if you reviewed all videos and readings.
Good content presented in a clear manner. Including at least some of the math would make it even better in my opinion!
Very good insights from experienced professors. Only flip side is that the course is old- 2015/16. Need to be updated
Great professors! Fader is actually super good. First time I see such a good professor in Coursera. Congrats Wharton!
Great Course. Really loved the live examples explained specially towards the end. keeps the curiosity up and going :)
I really enjoy this class. Keep using the three key Analytics Categories: Descriptive, Predictive and Prescriptive...
More of theory than practice. Nevertheless good for professionals with little or no experience in Customer analytics.
Excellent course. Informative, fun, engaging and exciting. I found Eric Bradlow (week 5) to be an excellent teacher.
I wish to have more in deep introduction related to customer analytics, not just conceptual and case analysis.Thanks
Great experience. Content is easy to understand.  Wish to have more extended learning materials for future learning.
Week 5 was great but still cannot be compared to value of Introduction to Marketing course from the same university.
It is usefull but must be upload with the new trends that are the most important around the worild nowadays, tnahks
Excellent course. On some practice quizzes questions where asked that were then covered in the subsequent lectures.
quite some info necessary for quizzes is not available in materials directly. requires extra efforts to research.
I'd appreciate more exercises and a opportunity to ask questions regarding the application to your own business.
the last course is especially useful and informative. Open my eyes to lots of actual practices of leading firms
The whole course is good in terms of the outline. I felt Perspective analysis would have been more non-abstract
It's a great course, my only concern would be that it might be a little outdated while completing in 2018/2019
It was a great course for getting the principles across, but would have liked a little more in depth approach.
This was a very insightful program with real life applications. A must have in the sales and marketing field.
Gave a short and crisp insight into the world of Customer Analytics. Have recommended the course to others.
It was a great experience to learn some new knowledge. If we can get more case studies, it would be better.
week 3 test have errors, sometimes i hit the correct anwser and it was ok, sometimes it was marked as error
A great starter for business people to understand the value of using analytics in their business decisions.
Paced well. Easy to follow. More but shorter quizes would be helpful, as theres a lot of material covered.
Great professors. The topics are very helpful but the course needs to be updated to be relevant for 2020.
Good content,great teaching,basic concepts were taught. Quiz answers are a bit ambiguous. Great examples.
some practical implementation or should I say some calculative measures should be taken in this course.
This is an excellent introductory course. The examples and case studies discussed are very interesting.
Course lectured with utmost finesse. Prof. Ron Berman can try to keep things more upbeat in my opinion.
lovely lecturers ...learned a lot, feeling  more productive now.. hope same goes with other courses too
If the course was more practical oriented I would have enjoyed more.Overall it was a great experience.
It's way more theoretical than i expected. I feel like there's little that I can apply to future jobs.
Very inspiring but it could be better if more original models could be shared for analyzing customers.
As a undergraduate economics student, it helped me develop a thinking in business which is invaluable.
After successfully completing the quizzes, it would be good to know which answers were wrong and why.
Some parts have been challenging.  But a willing and learning mind surely can overcome the challenges
Interesting. I would say there is clear lack of technical details but overall the cource is very good
Totally was nice, but could be better if some concept could go more deep, instead of 5 seconds talks
The material in the course is great, but it's too short. I'd prefer a longer, more in-depth course.
Very informative. Interesting topics, and strategies that can be used to up the level of the team.
It could be a little bit more advanced and have more practical examples and cases, like in week 5.
I found information interesting, but would have liked more exercises and application of knowledge.
One of my best experiences in learning through good teaching methods. The lectures are very good.
Was too basic, they might want to go deeper with the Analysis with some tool (R would be awesome)
explained a lot about basics of customer bhaviour.not recommended for expierienced professionals
I found this course insightful. I learnt about certain metrics that can be leveraged for growth.
Very informative, i hoped there would be more case studies and hands on examples. But awesome :)
Good for the beginners who want to acquaint themselves with analytics in customer service area.
Great course. However I would have appreciated more hands on examples, perhaps too theoretical.
Really good information, but the test questions were not very well written, especially Part 2.
Great course for informing the correct mindset for analysis that solve real business problems.
Wow, it was really nice to have taken up a course to study in coursera. I learn a great deal.
Really helps you think in an analytic way when it comes to designing your marketing campaigns
great but a bit more elaborate explaining of slides would have just take it to a notch higher
Thank you. Really enjoyed the content, insights and the structure of the course. Time well in
Nice course at a beginner level. Gives an overview of what  customer analytics is all about.
Covers the basic, meets the objective of coming to terms with the terminology and its usage.
A little part of hands on work with respect to Excel or R programming may be useful with it
Deep theoretical course. Would loved have viewing more practical examples and applications.
Very good course, the only issue was that some presentations were not available to download
This course is pretty helpful to me, but I need more like how to analyze data for customers
that was the nice course and little bit of code needs to be there for better understanding
Nicely designed course with a theoretical knowledge about the field of Customer Analytics.
Very deep explanation about each point throughout the course along with relevant examples
Slow starting course, but picks up towards the end.  Builds a great interest in Analytics
Good course. Week 5 content was the best. Week 1-4 were too theoretical and lacked depth.
It was a wonderful experience and really insightful. I'm really glad I took this course.
Really good content. Better audio needed on some of the lectures but really good overall
Wonderful information provided with real time examples. Course is very appealing.! KUDOS
Shown various analytics models with clear explanation & representation of graphs & Pics
I love this course, but it needs more content and videos especially on modelling part.
Too much theory at the beginning and qualitative description for an analytics course!
More Technical Details will help to understand the theory part what we just learned
The course is good! But we don't have our questions/doubts answered in the forums.
This is an excellent course that provides insight into maximizing customer value.
Very informative course but it is mostly theoretical, lacking the practical part.
Week 4 is not so complete, probably is better to extend week 3 and shorten Week 4
Prescriptive lecture was difficult to follow, while the subject wasn't that hard.
a very rich info. giving by strong instructors.  I highly recommend this course
Good Course, must include more industry examples like Amazon. Google, FB etc..
Need more case studies & discussions / assignments. will be more helpful then.
This course helps me go through the basic of marketing and customer analysis.
I really get the benefits i wanna....this course is really good for beginner
Great Content! Would be nice if we could get more of the technical material.
Some practical problems to solve along as a part of course would be great.
Excellent course. Learned a lot about modern day marketing with analytics.
Very informative and educational. More practice examples would be helpful.
Great for introduction. If you are looking to learn concepts, its awesome.
Great course to understand what customer means to a company with examples.
Extremely beneficial and intuitive course. Quizzes were also fun to give.
Good introductory course on Business Applications of Customer Analytics !
very informative , I really enjoyed the course and recommend it to others
Excellent course that provide you an overview of the customer analytics.
It should have involved a bit more of detail in the individual analyses.
The course must have some software training to use customer analytics.
Well presented! However, the course needs some of the aspects updated.
Great Content. The Course could be made a little bit more interesting.
Course is really good.  A little more in-depth details could be given.
Nice introduction. I wish that it were a little bit more skills based.
It was great. I got a good nag of what exactly customer analytics is.
A useful course that introduces us to the world of customer analytics
More discussion on predictive models would add value to the learning.
Very complete introduction to Costumer Analytics with clear examples.
Good course to learn about how various firms analyze their customers.
Very good content and forward overlook of future marketing evolution
Predictive modelling seemed a bit confusing.rest the course was good
The third week's quiz did not match up well to the lecture material.
I would like to see more participating on the forum from professors.
Great course to understand the basics concepts of customer analytics
The examples of application of marketing analytics was mind-blowing!
Good course. would prefer some side notes in addition to the slides
Peter is an amazing teacher not so much for the professor in WEEK 4
the mentors are all good but they are too fast with their lessons.
The course was very helpful and the lectures covered all my doubts
I would like to learn more of the math behind the analytics. Best,
The application and case studies segment was the most interesting.
As intro very good, however I have not seen any practical examples
Setback is the inability to review test content and self correct
maybe a few more cases with modelling could have been provided.
Very interesting.. makes you think and read/study the material.
It was a good introductory course to begin your journey with .
The course content is very good, but it doesn't go into depth.
Great course!  Only thing missing was more hands-on exercises.
Content was good but I wanted  hands on experience with excel.
Clear lectures. Little theoretical hence needs more attention.
Gives good baseline knowledge for understanding your customer
Great course for a complete beginner but might be too basic.
Initially its not good but in week 3 it becomes interesting.
Quality of professors varied, expensive for the paid version
Interesting material, just what I was looking for to update.
It is a eye opening course and you wouldn't want to miss it
Good course for a high level understanding of key concepts
Great Course. Learned A lot about Analytics inside and Out
Wonderful Course but lacks in depth material and syllabus.
The message was really good - one module was not so clear
You need a lot of reading to be able to understand it...
Too theoretical. I need more problem-oriented materials.
to better understanding if there are more case studies.
Mathematical models are less, otherwise course is good.
I like the last part of the course (Lecture in Week 5)
Good course overall, clear intro to customer analytics
Good use of examples to help understand the material!
Fantastic material and easy to understand the concept
It was a very effective course in business analytics
models and methods should also be included in detail
Great introductory course with amazing case studies!
Very good course it helped me to learn many things..
Nicely took the course and was made more interesting
Week 1 lecture, quality of lecture can be improved.
Technical skills should be added to this curricula.
Great overview of the basics of Customer Analytics.
Great primer to get started on Customer Analytics.
The Use cases on Application of Customer Analytics
Insightful course content, yet a bit impractical.
Hope to see the answers for quiz after I pass it.
So much to learn, and good curves. nice one Guys
Solid course, really good and accessible content
Nice Content.. Had a great time while learning..
It was great experience learning with coursera.
Excellent tools to apply and continue learning!
Nice intro to customer analytics. I enjoyed it!
Excellent Course. All Videos were informative.
Good to know the advanced of customer analytic
Great course and really challenging. Thank you
Quizzes were just a bit harder than lessons :)
Some good insights into customer segmentation!
Very Similar to Google Analytics in some ways
Assignments can be better and quizzes also...
helpful,but not vivid nor informative enough.
Should go deeper when discussing about cases.
Interesting to know from Business perspective
really helpful and easy to follow the lecture
The application topics were very interesting.
Very basic. But repeated review is preferred.
Good content that resonates with the learner
Great, more examples would be even better :)
Great Course! Applications part was amazing
Detailed analytics and behave of customers
Excellent introductory course. Well done.
Broad my horizon. Need more case studies.
Great course to start for Analytics :)
good theoretical and conceptual course
It's useful for non-marketing student
Very insightful and valuable course.
week5 is better than all other weeks
Sometimes the sound was hard to hear
very interesting course, insightful
great insight on customer analytics
entry level, good to know knowledge
very informative and knowledgeable
Great Course, I loved the content.
Good starter course on the topic.
it was really good and thorough.
Great introductory level course.
the course was very insightful.
Easy to understand, good course
Practically applicable concepts
Lot of Assignments can be added
more theoretical as i expected
Great course to gain knowledge
Helpful and with good insight.
Wonderful information Thankyou
great course, new perspective
This course is a 100% theory
The course is designed well.
Intersting yet very basic ;)
INFORMATIVE AND INTERESTING
Stunning and mind blowing!
It was quite informative.
Good as basic information
lengthy course material
Very good!!! Thank you
Its really really good
Overall a great course
Thanks for your help.
it is great indeed.
Good going so far.
Hard to read graph
Need certificate
too theretical
Great Insight
Great courtse
Amazing course for even beginners in the field of customer analytics. Highly recommend to do this course for enhancing the analytical skills. Examples and case studies explains the concept very well.
Hi,   I have enrolled into  the Curriculum with aspirations of becoming expert in the field of Business Analytics. So, frankly, I took a calculated decision/question/probability regarding how much it would be beneficial and how much I will be knowledgeable by the time I complete the certification program.
Now that I just completed my my very 1st course, Customer Analytics, I got answer to my question that my money, my time and efforts I have put is ABSOLUTELY worth and more than that I become knowledgeable in the domain. Especially the respected professors Mr. Iyengar, Mr. Peter Fader, Mr. Eric and Mr. Ron have explained each concept in a very vert understandable way. The way or the navigation, introduction to the subject, the problem, explanation, breakdown of the solution and conclusion and their applications with business cases and scenarios are too good.Now, I feel very confident and CAN confidently say that my basics, foundation in Customer Analytics are very strong and I can apply them to any tool, any scenario, any domain  and for any problem in a any situation.Thanks to my Professors.Regards
Wow! This was so insightful into how our social media and daily habits are used. I don't like feeling like a sheep, so this awareness is appreciated. I'm still trying to design how I could apply this to my Trade.
Perfect Course for those who want to inquire insight and knowledge of how tons of data that we generate in our day to day life is being utilized by big organizations in optimizing their productivity.
I really enjoyed the class.  Analytics are such an important part of today's understanding of the customer but have other uses even beyond that.  Professor Fader has really great insight on the subect.
Although several statistical terms may be confusing underway, a simple Google search can supplement you with understanding them. Other than that, minimal typographical/technological errors may be experienced in the course. All of the professors did an amazing job in mapping out possible points of interest, and did well in explaining concepts clearly. Descriptive Analytics was the standout lesson here that really encompassed various fields and mentioned useful apps to use in real life projects. Meanwhile on the learning side, data analysis is, of course, tricky for those without prior knowledge so although this is deemed as a Beginner-level course, do be ready to Google up some things along the way. Overall, the course is a great path to equipping yourself with managerial skills in predictive analytics through the use of data-driven studies.
Insightful and a great introduction to a very complex topic. Probably would recommend having a grasp of statistical analysis before starting (not required) as it would help understand some of the concepts better.
An excellent course to understand the value of data, how companies are collecting and harnessing their data an efficiently applying AI/ML concepts to provide better services and products to their customers.
This course includes a comprehensive overview of the all the basic models that are used to analyze data concerning customer behavior. The real-life examples made it easier to relate to those theories.
The course is very good. I have learned a lot from the course.  A lot of interesting topics and help me to under the marketing. I will for sure continue learning more courses from this specialization.
Though I have worked on Customer Analytics with my previous work experiences and also on Surveys etc at George Brown College Canada, this module was more than insightful. Lots of learning to learn eh!
Brilliant Course !! Loved going through all the materials and the lectures !!
A very interesting module emphasizing the importance of meaningful data, how to use it for predictive and prescriptive customer analytics. The insights into customer behaviour and how marketing has evolved to the present form of the all-encompassing digital marketing and how to use it for customer analytics has been very revealing. A combination of online and offline marketing is the way to go in future. I can look back in retrospect and just wonder at the number of customers with Indian banks who would not pass muster on any predictive model. While analytics was still at a nascent stage in Indian banks when I retired, I still feel that even where predictive models are used, there is hardly any follow-up action. I saw the hallowed halls of Wharton for the first time and really hope to see them in person at least once.
Highly recommended. Delivered by leading faculty for the Wharton school, we are first shown what exactly customer analytics is. The approach from the Wharton School is to look at each individual customer (or rather group customers according to their habits and demographics). We are shown the three types of analytics: descriptive, predictive and prescriptive. The predictive week delves into regression analyses, but at a high level. Very interesting is the Buy Til You Die probability model, which seeks to model how past customer activities will translate into future lifetime value. We also look at profit maximisation (MR=MC), and conclude with some real world examples of applying these techniques for profit in the real world. Overall, an excellent primer. Content:   10/10Presenters:  10/10Presentation:  10/10
A great course. I was hoping to get a deeper dive by working on some case studies where I get to estimate CLV and customer using some statistical models and make some recommendations. Perhaps this will be part of the capstone project. I see a lot of value in using this to do intangible asset valuations such as customer bases. Using CLV analysis may enable me to ascribe a value to existing customer bases of an acquisition target and also estimating possible churns of these customers. Such analysis can be useful when planning the integration of the acquisition target and also for purchase price allocations where the purchase price is allocated to good will, intangible assets and tangible assets in the financial statements
I have really enjoyed this course. I did my MBA in marketing around 17 years back and have been working in the finance function for the last 15 years or so. It was really nice to refresh my memory on marketing strategies and tactics, but the most important thing I learned was how marketing concepts are changing from mass to an individual. It is happening all around me right now and it was very exciting to see how it works. I hope I will be able to share this knowledge with my marketing colleagues and ask them to do more of individual marketing through Customer Analytics. Thanks, Corsera & Wharton team for providing us with this wonderful opportunity.
This is a well thought out course with exposure to concepts and principals in customer analytics that are disrupting and re-shaping the retail and on-line world today. Whatever your perceptions of customer behaviors, be prepared to have everything turned on its head.  And then to predict what the individual customer will do with actionable data... Priceless! The Wharton team is well prepared and enthusiastic about teaching customer analytics. This is the future of retailing, and as an executive, an understanding of its use and purpose will be necessary to lead an effective team or organization. Thank you, Wharton.
Great intro to descriptive, predictive and prescriptive. Good simple excel examples. Quizz questions are convoluted at times IMHO and I am PhD. (not talking about the anti-regurgitation questions. I liked those.) It hard to make quizz questions to really test knowledge... KEY concepts RFM, NPS, regression. missing: correlation matrix perhaps. would like to see a full case such as capital one or UPS. review of industry tools in descriptive was useful.  Cool that you show the campus... This is my desk, this is my backyard where I had this aha moment, here is the cafeteria... :)
Really enjoyed this course, the interactive scenarios were most helpful in digesting the information and making it tangible.  It’s a great managerial course! Not a math fanatic, and so pleased this course isn’t about performing the math, it’s about evaluating the story the data tells and making data driven decisions.   Amazing to have the opportunity to be taught by world renowned scholars at a price I can afford!  Can’t wait to get through the rest of the courses and receive my UPENN certificate!  Might even get the hoodie to match ;) Thanks for making this accessible!
This course was an amazing experience. It was very interesting to know how our small activities can have a much larger effect on the company's decisions and product policies. It was given a fundamental idea about the science behind marketing and how data analytics is coherently related to the business decisions. This course has encouraged me to start my learning on data analytics and data sciences too. Thank you all the instructors for coming up with such interesting content with relatable examples and explanations. I hope to complete the specialization.
The course was great. It gave me real great insights that how the data that we have in today's world and in the times coming can positively impact our customer lifetime value, profits, sales, and the overall business just by exploring it properly and then predicting accordingly to optimize and take important decisions. It also taught me the importance of the right model. It gave me a new point of view towards our world  by the everything is connected. I got this course on financial aid and I am very thankful for it because this was very beneficial.
Excellent course material and very simply put together lecture. The pdf continuity is incomplete without listening to the AV of the lecture. It is very akin to physically attending a live lecture. Excellent resources with indepth and professional approach, suiting the SOP s in the real commercial world.And can be immediately adapted to practice. A well thought blend of the current SOPs with the course material can bring about customized solution for all the sectors, especially the service sector where customer satisfaction equals to quality
Great Course, even though some of the videos have some year now.  I would be an added value if could add some case of studies in deeper development of the Predictive model, Optimization and Decision to make. I find the extra material (as the paper "probability model for customer base") outstanding even those material has awakened of my desire to look into the predictive model refresh calculus and statistical for better understanding.  still, a have some problem to implement the CLV formula ... looking forward to the next course
I really enjoyed the module. It was brief but opened up new perspectives nonetheless. I love the flow and structure of the course. Every professor was concise and great teachers - I personally found the summary at the end of each week's module particularly useful. I also want to say thanks to Prof Fader and Prof Bradlow for their impassioned lecture modules. It was such a great privilege to be able to be part of this Customer Analytics module on Coursera offered by the Wharton School. Cheers, Koey, from Singapore.
This course of customer analyticis is very useful for all those involved in the decision making of a company, as it allows you to solve problems from the calculation of optimal prices, determine the cancellation of a membership among other practical cases. For this it is based on a methodology of five points and is based on subjects such as economics, marketing and statistics. As an economist I highly recommend this course if you wish to learn how to analyze and solve a problem in the information age.
This course was phenomenal which gave overview of exploratory, descriptive , Predictive and Prescriptive analytics. Learnt Different way of survey's and top companies which can do for you. Regression, Importance  of RFM, CLV and probability models and Customer analytics scenario from 1960 to till date. How data will be monetized and Top companies uses advanced analytics for data collection and analyze using NLP's and so much. Best course if you are keen on analytics and marketing.
Great content, besides week one, all the tests are challenging. The only problems I see is that the last time the staff answer a question was three years ago, the peers/network aspect could be better and also some of the more difficult part of the content was not really explained (they actually give you directions if you want to have a deeper understanding, still some question on the quizzes were about those subjects). Nonetheless, i found it amazing and quite practical.
The course Customer Analytics is really helpful in understanding and exploring how a customer is merely not a customer but a lot of data points connected together. The applications discussed in the course are really an eye-opener and helps you relate to how customer lifetime value and advertisements are targetted. I would strongly recommend this course for anyone who would like to start a career in the field of analytics as this helps in getting the applications right.
This has been a very interesting course and I recommend it to all who are in any field of business as in the end its about your customers or consumers, getting to know how to track customer behavior and how firms use this data to analyze predict and re-target is the today and the future of business and consumer loyalty!  Great methodology and curriculum of teachers!  Thank you,  every minute spent on this course was worth it!.  I will continue my research... Suzie K.T.
Hello everyone, taking this course at Wharton Online has allowed me to become aware that, in reality, here in Peru our service companies does not been aware of the importance of organizing the information that is available about the habits and preferences of customers, ignoring the value that it will bring to our return on investment, translating into low profits and low profitability. Only with good training and listen to their customers, improvement can be started.
The course provides a good overview of various analytical methods used in Business. The course instructors did a very good job of formulating and delivering high-quality content. I especially liked the references from various academic research on the topic. The study material and powerpoints were very well organized. However, the addition of some assignments on basic analytical problems using excel/R/SPSS, etc. could have added to the effectiveness of the course.
It is a inspiring course where people get some ideas on where to start on analytics in marketing. The idea provided in the course is also interesting. Good for those who are new to marketing with analytics. Upon completion, I would like to get some statistics courses to bring my ideas into real testable experiments. Besides, the session introducing the study on measure corporate value with their customer values is also inspiring. I do love this  course! Thanks!
Last lecturer was the best -- most engaging and exciting. Regression was easy (but also glossed over) much more could be said there. The dean lecturer (with the Mary/Sharmila example) was good too, but there was a little racial bias at making Sharmila (the black female sounding name) the customer who was likely to churn. This seems to me to be the most exciting all the 4 types of analytics. I would definitely take a whole course based on just this topic alone.
Right now, I'm working on how to apply this to our company which is a re-seller  of mostly corporate needs such as laptops, switches, routers down to the office supplies needed using telemarketing method of sales. With a family-run management, it is difficult to get the management on board about the benefits of data gathering and data exploration as of the moment but  I hope to present a way so I could let them see the benefits of data analytics
Although this is my first course with Coursera, But this the best online course I have ever taken, Not only the faculties are great, But also their passion for the subject is very contagious( makes a student equally passionate), Loads of thanks to coursera for the extremely user-friendly interface of their website and making this excellent course accesible. I would definitely recommend Coursera to anyone looking to upskill themselves.
It is a great course if you want to learn how to prepare your mind in order to think better regaring customer anaytics cases. I just would like to find a better support documents, since right now you only can download the slides of the course and that means that you need to take notes rather than just to re-read some concept, or go playback the video if you want to get the complete information of the topic you are interested in.
Topic coverage was very good for a month period.  The only thing with online, I am not able to ask questions in real time.  I wish there was a TA if professor is unavailable for questions.  Discussion forum is fine however if you post your question, you are not certain you will get an answer from your peers, or if answers are correct.Enjoyed the course.  Will continue with the next module for the Specialization completion.
I came with the expectations to have more "models" (some coding or some excel instruction or something I can apply directly), but like Peter said, this course will introduce me more tools in the toolbox and I am looking in the wrong place if I want to "code" or model. It was not what I expected at first, but with a few adjustments, I found this course really beneficial and helpful, especially if you are a business owner.
Outstanding.  I am currently enrolled in an EMBA program and much of marketing has been based on very old cases, although educational for the purposes of figuring out the foundations of segmentation and  break even they did not touch on the new ways of analyzing customer behavior today.  I plan on continuing with Wharton for future specialization courses.  I wanted to thank all the Professors for their superb lessons.
What an awesome course. It explains customer analytics from beginning to the end with some analytics application examples. It explains different methods each week that built up on top of the previous weeks, so you can easily follow the materials and lectures. I really learned a lot from just this first course of business analytics. I really look forward to next courses in this business analytics specialization.
it is a good and excited online class to help me, who haven't any experience in data analytics, to know some relation between business and data analytics. And the most important thing is that it also introduce to me on how those big firms  had use that kinds of  models to solve actual problems. Hope that Wharton online school will have more new classes on deeper content in this field. Thanks to all of you!
Insightful information and those best practice business cases gave me a much deeper understanding of customer analytics. I have learnt a lot from this course which I truly believe that I can utilise them in my daily work. The quiz (some are quite difficult) really helped me to understand further of each topic. Highly recommend this course to who are interested in customer analytics or marketing analytics.
I whole heartedly recommend this course to those interested in customer analytics from a business perspective. The course does not intend to go into the technical or statistical perspective, and this is clearly stated numerous times. I was ready to give this course 4 stars after finishing the first four weeks, but the last week is where I decided to rate this course 5 stars. Well done, Wharton Marketing!
This course, coming from a highly reputed institution (Wharton) fills a long-standing gap in Data Science/Analytics courses, either online or in-person.  While this is the first version and will get refined and improved, one can immediately sense the thought and the effort that has gone into such a course.  Making it part of a specialization is perfect.  Extremely laudable and highly recommended!
An excellent course for beginners or some knowledge of business analytics. All instructors provided clear, compelling lectures highlighting theoretical and methodological frameworks and useful examples. Quizzes were well designed and good for consolidating and applying knowledge acquired in the courses. Most of the reading was well-chosen and deepened my understanding of the course topics.
The course is a holistic package for your entry into customer analytics. Unlike other lectures, this course provides you with the latest information and teaches you practices that are currently in use. One of my favorite parts of the course is the week 5 module which gives you the application of customer analytics in the real world and overall this course added a great deal to my arsenal.
This course provides a lot of insightful knowledge about tools and models for customer analytics, as well as their applications in real companies. Really interesting examples so users with no background in Marketing still can easily understand. The professors are truly inspiring and awesome! 100% recommend to anyone who is interested data analytics, especially in Marketing and Business.
It's a good course to have a basic understanding of customer analytics and its applications in real time. The examples were very good and wisely chosen. Will be more happier if I got to know the working model of predictive example, that how to reach to those numbers in examples of Bob, Sharmila etc.The excel sheet was not pretty clear. Else it was a nice exposure to the analytics field.
The course is excellent...All the professors are very impressive..Though i have been working in the area of customer analytics, i was not aware of many aspects of customer analytics that were taught in the course. I'm taking away a whole new perspective of customer analytics that i can apply with my clients.An extension of the course with hands on exercises would be extremely valuable.
This course gave me a broad understanding of what Customer Analytics is. Loved the way the course was broken down into 5 modules, where each module covered 1 out of the 5 main principles of customer analytics. Loved the case studies and applications and changed the way I think about data and customer behavior. Looking forward to taking up more Business Analytics courses in the future.
This a simple yet comprehensive course on data analysis. Helped me clear out my basics. Although had trouble understand a few modules in the predictive modules lecture, but I guess I just didn't read up enough. I recommend this course for everyone whether you're related to this field or not. It's always good to know how to use data to better your life, be it professional or personal.
As a student with a background in Accounting and Economics, I have more appreciation of data analytics caused by the completion of this course. This Customer Analytics course does have a focus on marketing as a science and a very statistical discipline however, the methodologies and principles taught by the professor can have impactful applications in other fields of business.
Coming from a research background in a different field within psychology (early childhood), this course has opened me up to empirical perspectives of how operationalisation of real-time experiences can take place in the psychological field of business and marketing. A great course for those on a lookout for gaining comfort with usual terms and knowledge in neighbouring fields.
It is an amazing beginner level course for any professional who is getting into marketing. The course content is very relevant in this digital age. Unlike many other courses, it does provide ample example of real life companies following various strategies. The instructors provide a very clear overview of the lectures. The supplemented lecture notes and books are also great.
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this course to get new knowledge about Business Analytics and better understand the technology and your practical applications.  The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.
This was an engaging course. As an HR person, I wanted to understand tools that can help analyse customer service and accordingly give and insight to actions that will help better serve customers and bring more profitability to the organization. Some of the modules were easy to follow. However, the lengthier version of videos was a little difficult to keep up with.
Several instructors with all their own approach but all of amazing level. Their passion is palpable and their explanations make sense. I do appreciate the gradual evolution of the difficulty and the logic. 
I would appreciate some recommendations of other materials and books, that these professors may have published to further the applications and learning.
What an amazing course on Customer Analytics. Each of the professors across the whole 5 week course were brilliant. I learnt a lot of things . I am glad I invested my time her..Be it be Peter Fader, Raghu Iyengar, Ron Berman or last but not the least - Eric Bradlow. Tremendous respect for them. Whatever I learnt just blew my mind. Thank you for this course
The course has made me realize how crucial is it for the firms operating at every level to have an insight of the data related to their customers. It also highlighted how good data sits at the center of all good analysis. On top of everything the  course also highlights the best practices that a data analyst should follow in order to get things done.
It was amazing!!. It opened my eyes to so many ways companies can acquire data and use it to increase customer loyalty and product awareness. I will make sure to try and contribute to increasing Warton's "NPV" (Prof.  Raghu), by getting more people to take a course. Am really Honored to be a part of Wharton Customer Analytics. Thank You very much!!!
Overall the course was really good and interactive. Although, there may be one lecturer that may not really to the point when delivering the materials. My suggestion is to keep developing the content as the year goes by, this course is really important especially for people who want to study and learn more about marketing and customer analytics.
Good foundational course if you want to learn about the basics/ fundamentals of customer analytics.  Not technical at all and does not teach you how to use softwares to analyze customer data.  Instead, talks about analysis methods and key terms which is equally helpful.  The real-life examples given helped contextualize each method discussed.
I am very impressed by the format and delivery of the content/information, and the lecturers' experience and knowledge add absolute authority and credibility.  The material was easy to follow but very informative.  I was very challenged with each quiz since they were designed to require thought and analysis to arrive at the correct answers.
Highly recommend it, especially for people not from a business or marketing background. Tips: there is no hands-on project in this specific course. (I 've seen people give  1 star because of that)The quiz is not very straightforward, but they make sense. You have to interpret the questions based on the context, instead of word-to-word.
This course gives a complete overview about everything professionals today need to have in mind when we talk about Customer Analytics, with practical examples and many tools to understand the real meaning and huge value of planning a customer centric strategy, valorating each consumer for its real value for an organization. thank you
I really like the course. I would have loved to see more practical examples for each week, specially for week 5, maybe in the form of reading materials. I also noticed that some of the test had questions that weren't completely clear, specially week 3, but it's not a big deal, just a bump in the road. Overall, it was a great course.
The course is extremely accurate and to the point, it will strike you in the right places and will have you hooked for learning more. The ease with which the course has been made and the topics have been explained with such fluency, especially the way the models have been explained and the real life examples make it a great course.
I found the course amazing. It was well structured and presented by the tutors. It has a lot of slides to cover the theory as well as extra paper for further reading.  I acknowledge though that its goal was to give somebody the big picture about Customer Analytics. Further study is required to appreciate in depth the theory taught.
A great introduction to the important numbers to understanding consumer behavior -- both passively and in actively pursuing user behavior feedback. This isn't just a course that's great for marketers, it also benefits people thinking about product and development in helping to shape their understanding of who they are creating for.
Very nice overview about marketing analytics, but I would have loved to see in action the algorithms being used on a larger dataset using computing technologies, but I can't complain because the instructors had already told this course will not be going into the technicalities and would rather be more focused towards the concepts.
This was a very interesting course. I had a chance to learn from some best teachers. It gave me insights on market practices and know a lot about customer behavior and predictive analysis. I liked how in every lecture it was always something new and valuable to learn. I would like to finish all the courses included in the theme.
Content was good. Mostly theory though. All the lecturers were top notch. Although, Prof. Berman's lecture was a bit confusing and difficult to grasp (several lines were repetitive and he was very fast at times in speaking). Had to go through the notes to understand his points. Others were very interactive, lively and enjoyable.
Really enjoyed the material. Instructors made it interesting. Real world examples were very helpful (Amazon, Netflix, Amex, etc). However, the quiz questions never quite seemed to relate to the material. There were often terms or phrases in them that were never mentioned in the videos/slides. Other than that, well done. Thanks!
Very good introductory course to the high level concepts of customer analytics and interesting insights into how some companies are using it. Whets the appetite for getting more hands on with the models. It was a nice follow on from the Introduction to Marketing course from the Business Foundations specialisation (also Wharton)
A terrific introduction and snapshot into Analytics combined with Marketing and how important its role is in today's digitized world.  It emphasized the value of better decision making by gaining command over data and using it to predict and prescribe future actions to derive optimal profits and customer retention.  Thank you.
The course exceeded my expectations. The University did a great job at keeping me engaged, while at the same time teach me a variety of new information/skills. My favorite professor was Eric Bradlow, he was very informational and entertaining. Hope this review makes a good addition to your "Data Collection" for this course!
What an amazing course! I do not come from a data analytics background so this was relatively new information for me. Each professor carefully and articulately laid out fascinating customer analytics topics that made the content digestible. I can't wait to continue learning about analytics! Thanks for the awesome course!
Thank you for producing this course. I really enjoyed learning about different research methods. It was the first time I had come across the Net Promotor Score, which is superb. Predictive modelling methods and the future of how data will be used and in many cases is already being used, was also particularly interesting.
Excellent course, I think one of the things I really like the most was that very complicated subject are explained in a very simple and didactic way. Videos, papers and exercises are full of interesting information and Quiz are not simple.  Application module is mind blowing... Can wait to do the next course.....  David.
One of the best courses i took. This gave a lot of new sense about data and it serves as a platform connecting marketing and analytics. Thanks to Coursera and Wharton for giving me an opportunity to learn about customer analytics . I want more courses from Wharton.                                             Thanking U
Wow! such an amazing course, thinking deeply about the customers, their behaviour, their way of looking at the different things.I loved it, in fact, I want to study more about it and would like to pursue MBA from this b-schoolthanks to all professors for this course.You all delivered the content in an interactive way!
Good content, gives a basic understanding of what customer analytics is and how it has helped businesses in collecting data, exploring it, analysing it, making predictions to optimize and then taking business decisions based on those predictions. Needless to mention, the faculty that delivers the course is excellent.
There are more wonderful concepts to show management science. It is the best one to introduce customer analytics to me. Keep in mind: better data, data exploration, optimization and making decisions. Excellent lectures from the professors! Maybe have a face to face meeting is a dream, but dreams could come true.
The mindset shift you will have after going through the different modules is like a riding a roller coaster where each corner hides some more interesting learning than the one before; the way the presenters organized and presented the materials made room to grasp all the information and learning in a smooth way.
Through the learning process of Customer Anlytics, it really provides me with some insight of how to utilized customer data in business applications. There are some intersting and meaningful inspirations from servearl industries. I guess I would start to think deeply in my future careers. Thanks for the sharing.
It is very interesting and informative. Personally, I have learned a lot in this course. Most of the topics are new, latest and signify the practical examples in the near future. The knowledge gained after passing this course will provide a broad prospective over the various analytics and their implementation.
Great overview of Customer Analytics. Companies are making decisions on a customer by customer basis, this course covers how this is being done and what we need to do to remain competitive. If you like I thought that decisions were still being done on an aggregate basis this will be an eye opening experience.
The Customer Analysis course is very helpful to me. It not only allows me to learn how to describe, understand and develop the tools needed for analysis, such as questionnaires, but also the understanding of the customer's own dimensions. Thank you very much for the wonderful courses offered by the professor!
Extremely well organized course with ton of useful information. As it is a course for beginners so lacks the details but the overall content and flow is just perfect. Instructors are quite effective in explaining the complex ideas in simple manner. Specially loved the part of application taught in week 5.
This is an excellent course for those interested in understanding how marketing trends works towards customers. All the examples used were very helpful and interesting. The Professors were great, the classes were interactive, creative and could easily catch our attention. I would definitely recommend it!
Completing this course had really improved my understanding on customer analytics and various mistake we do while analyzing big data to understand customer behavior. This will definitely help me in identifying the pain areas of my customer and take necessary actions to have high Customer Lifetime value
Great insight! Some of the articles the additional readings lead to are quite dense statistically speaking, which begs for a whole course in that subject to be developed. I loved the great arrange of examples and the clarity of the teachers to explain the main concepts. Loved it and would recommend it!
This is an awesome coursework.The information provided, the real life examples, its so very inspiring.All I wish now is to race to the finish-line for this entire specialisation.Once again, Many thanks for putting up such a stupendous effort into this awesome course material, lectures.-Utkarsh Agarwal
I am extremely thankful to be a part of this course. I never thought that there is soo much to understanding customers and knowing how they behave. The modules taught in this course made me understand many things that I can apply on a realistic basis. Once again Tanks a lot and I enjoyed this course.
I have thoroughly enjoyed the lectures of Professors and have developed an insight in the science of Analytics. Well, there is more to go. Shall give my feedback on regular intervals just to encourage other aspirants reading this to take up and learn how science can be linked to sales and business.
A very good course. Help me understand in depth and breadth how to identify, segment, and target different customers based on their propensity to identify, choose, review, select, purchase decisions. Will surely help those who are vyint to make a career breakthrough in t.he world of data analytics.
For someone who is new to this field and doesn't have a background in marketing, this course has helped me tremendously to understand the key concept of using data and models in making decision. Hopefully this new knowledge will become an advantage for enhancing my future career in data analytics.
Im a student of consumer behavior but my course outline did not involve a lot of analytics and modern data relevance to it, so I decided to bridge the gap between those by opting for this course and now i feel that the foundation for the very same motive has been laid down really strong.Thank you
Customer Analytics is really a wonderful course for all the people who want to know, how to analyze the data and what factors should be considered while analyzing. Wharton staff had kept a lot of effort into making this course. Thank you so much Coursera for providing this wonderful opportunity.
Very enlightening course. I really enjoyed learning the use of data to make better decisions and the importance of data in marketing. I understand better how companies are developing their marketing campaigns. I enjoyed the CLV model, the explanations about models and the research in this field.
Overall, the course was great with lots of examples and applications introduced, but it would be more valuable to me if some terms could be introduced with explanations such as the recency and frequency in the concept of CLV, and how it is calculated using the formula introduced by Eric, etc.
The course is very comprehensive with the professors explaining all the theories through detailed industry examples. I feel that practical examples, professors personal industry experiences, course structure and research papers (reading material) are complete and make this course interesting
The course was excellent. Many of the discussion points were the concerns of my clients especially in retail and telco. The exams were difficult and you really need to pay attention to the details the lecturer says but it's part of the learning process. Definitely recommending this course.
Top notch and relevant material. Much needed discussions on the use of modern analytics in sales and marketing. Without the mathematical intricacies of implementing the models, it gives an excellent big picture, the current trends in industry, and examples from real companies. Thank you.
I feel I have learnt something different and what I expected out of my first course in Business Analytics. Coming from a technical background of computer science and mathematics, I really got a chance to understand how to effectively use data to make strategic decisions to drive revenue.
This course is very well designed for those who want to gain knowledge on customer analytics concepts in short time with good content.I would like to thank all the faculties of the course for providing good content and explaining it in easier way to grasp the knowledge.Thank you again.
This is the best course on data analytics to happen to me in recent times. I had been looking for a course that will help kick-start my journey into data and business analytics and I am glad I discovered this course. Thanks to the faculty and team for making learning fun and simple.
This course is excellent and very useful. After this course, you are able to understand customer behaviour and make a suitable marketing strategy to target a specific group.  Highly recommend this course to those people who have some background in marketing but not very systematic.
I strongly recommend this course. The course content is really practical and up to date. I am especially interested in how customer analytics applicable to today business, and Customer Lifetime Value is absolutely awesome!! The additional reading materials are outstanding as well.
Marketing in its various guises changes on an almost daily basis. Its so refreshing to go through a course that is so current in its content and relevance. The delivery was great and the passion of the the professors was visible in every video. A BIG thank you to all of them.
I am greatly impressed by the analytical techniques taught in this course which are applied by the world's largest companies. Every instructor has developed incredible course content and the way they deliver everything to their students around the globe is truly commendable.
Highly informative! The course delivery (i.e. lectures) was clear and interesting, especially supported with various real-life examples on how companies utilize and monetize analytics. Also, the course has inspired me to be more involved in analytics-related roles in my job.
Dear professors. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart for taking the course. I have umpteen quantity of marketing analytics knowledge already. The quality of the professors at Wharton makes me crave for an admission there! Thank you so much again! Thank you Coursera!
Please improve prescriptive analytics section. It seemed that it is no where related to predictive analysitcs section. Predictive analytics spoke how to predict future. Prescirtive analytics should have mentioned about how to use predictions for converting into actions.
Course was very well structured and taught. Content is top notch and is taught enthusiastically and interactively. What I could've liked more: More mentor support, more details into actual models used in industry and how to construct them, and test answer explanations.
The videos were bit longer than they were to explain weekly topics. This is an advantage for people who are beginners but it may prove to be a repetition for people who have experience with the topics. Nevertheless, this is an excellent course to understand the ropes.
This course has broadened my knowledge in the area of customer analytics. The Professor's capability to explain fundamental terms really helps to understand the nature of different kinds of customer analytics. I thoroughly and trying to make the most of this course.
Learned so much about how we can use customer data to better understand our clientele, on an aggregate level, but also on a very granular level :) This course should be taken by every business professional looking to gain a better understanding on their customer.
I do love this course, it gives me a broader knowledge about marketing especially in the field of Customer analytics. Knowing the right customer, how to manage them, etc are the biggest challenge for all company in the world. In this course you will learn a lot.
I really love this course, all of the teachers are doing great at explain and giving real case study. I learn a lot from this course, especially  it makes me aware about how the business doing with all data they have. I really recommend to take this full course.
The course opened my eyes to the field of Customer Analytics. There are so many applications of it in everything that we do in life. The professors are great and cover all types of Analytics required for the company to succeed in today's highly analytical world.
This is an excellent course- the theory and examples are amazing, the quizzes especially really make you think through the content and apply all that we learned. The supplemental reading is extremely useful as well. Fabulous experience completing this course!
Great course! I am the general manager of a small manufacture firm, it gave me insight to things I can do to improve in my work. I already did the RFM to my clients, so we can manage are resources to our clients base in the revenue that each of them give us.
Excellent course content for beginners. The course gives you a peek into the world of analytics with some real-life examples from successful organizations today.  Recommended to someone who has just started to explore the realms of analytics.  Insightful!
This course provides a high-level knowledge about Customer Analytics . I would suggest this course for a person who is really interested to learn the basics of Data Analytics and real time applications of Customer Analytics. Worth the time ! Informative !
The course taught me lots of things that I didn't get in a traditional analytics type in my country right now. Sessions which lectured by Prof. Erick was really amazing on how firms can utilize their customer data to make their business decisions better.
This Course provides a solid understanding of what Customer Analytics is, from describing customer behavior, customer scoring using RFM Analysis and predicting the future to turnning it into effective actions.Thank you Coursera for this amazing Course!
This course is practical, which gives a general picture on customer analytic work. It allows me to follow the directions in which I am interested to go deeper, meanwhile to start use the theory also the tool I learned in this course into my real work.
I have learnt a lot from this course. However, I need to mention that there doesn't seem to be active discussions. Do professors answer queries. I asked one question, but since that wasn't answered, I did not ask more. I feel I am alone in the class!
The course is well planned and well executed. The course materials have a lot of effort in them, the professors have laid out the course in very simple terms keeping in mind the complex nature of the course itself.  Was a wonderful experience for me.
Great introductory course to get one thinking about customers and data.  I'm really happy I started with this course as a foundation to course before digging deeper into statistics and programming (R & Python) bringing the bigger picture into focus.
I am totally new to Customer Analytics, this course is very helpful for me to build up the path for being an analyst in Customer Analytics. The course sessions are quite interesting and the materials are start-of-the-art. Very good course to follow!
I consider myself fortunate to have completed the prestigious course of CUSTOMER ANALYTICS. It really enhanced to my knowledge to a great extent in terms of correct analysations of customers' behaviours, demands and other vital aspects of business.
This course really gets you to challenge your skills at analysing data and the power that it holds. I would recommend this course to practically everybody- you need to know your customer better!Thank you for an amazing learning experience Wharton.
A basic course that provided me insights into Customer and Data analytics with real life case studies. I would recommend anyone into this field to take this course as it provides you an holistic view about customers and ways to analyse data sets.
Great insight, unfolded a high level yet detailed exposure into customer analytics, with all the resesarch going in the space and the near term and long term futuristic possiblities. Unfolded beyond regression analysis, with probabilistic models.
The content is not as dense as I expected. Overall, all the professors are giving an incredibly clear framework of customer analytics. I learned a lot. Most appreciative for all the efforts and hard work of Prof. Iyengar, Bradlow, Fader, Berman.
The course is really useful with fantastic way of lectures delivery. Many thanks to the Professors attending for sharing their professional but easy-to-understand knowledge about business analysis and how to apply it for marketing in practice!
A great introductory course.  I had most of the material before so it was a good synthesis.  If one has not had much of the material, it may be a bit confusing especially as the quizzes (especially #3) seem to presume more than lectures cover.
amazing course, insightful, practical application, and provides an excellent base for any company (small to big) on how to manage data efficiently and building the information that is really needed and can contribute to real results in revenue
This was a unique course for me. This course, unlike others, pushed me to think and answer quiz questions. It also gave multiple examples to know about how the content taught actually works in real life. I would say it's worth the time spent.
Thank you so much! This course is extremely great in learning Customer. It's mind blowing that made me think I'm ignorant after all these years. Again, I highly recommend this course to someone whose interested on knowing your customer more.
Very good program, comprehensive journey through past present and future of customer analytics and marketing analytics. Talking about past best practices, evolution and future of analytics. A recommended course for any marketing enthusiast.
I truly felt the gist of customer analytics in business organizations after undergoing this course. The skills I acquired are much needed to tackle any analytics based problem and it helps in developing a pragmatic mindset for the subject.
Excellent course structure with well renowned professor from the Wharton college. I imbibed everything from this course in the best possible manner. I thanks all the professors to delivered their best input and I am very grateful to them.
Perfect course for those who want to explore the use of data for prediction of future which will help in optimization and finally in decision making. All five weeks were full of learning and examples add value to the theoretical concepts.
Bite-sized lectures. Easy to understand. The test are quite challenging and require research in addition to the slides and lectures. I do feel I learned the "b" of the basics and wish to dig deeper into marketing. Feel accomplished today.
Great general overview of Customer Analytics.  Techniques and examples are very relevant.  Issues with not having options to download the video and transcribe of Week 3-5 for studying offline (Week 2 seems to have the options available).
I really enjoyed this course. I learned a lot of things that I am able to put in practice at work. In addition, the new knowledge is allowing me to think differently about problems and how to effectively leverage data to resolve them.
I got great insights and practical knowledge by completing the course. The professors taught this course in a simple yet effective language. They've put in a lot of effort right from preparing material till delivering it! Kudos team!
Very structured course  with excellent walk through the field of customer analytics. Lots of real life problem solving along with the theory behind it. This course will surely give a good insight and foundation to customer analytics.
The course is extremely insightful! With some of the videos, it would be really helpful to keep the images of data fixed in some corder of the screen. Personally this would have saved time in trying to back and forth with the slides.
Super course. Difficult to pass too as more than one answers look correct. Loved the last session that explains different areas where customer analytics makes a difference and the things that will come in near future. Enroll today!
Very useful course, it helps you to understand value of the customer for an organization. It is presented very well. I really enjoyed doing it. The only concern is, part of the material looks dated, the content requires an update.
Really insightful course and nicely covered by the faculty. Great to link various aspects of customer analytics to impact on business revenue and profitability. Great course content and very clear instructions! Overall a 5 star :)
The course content and presentation are very explicit for everyone to key in and learn. I learned a lot from the case studies and some examples given are things (in shopping) that has something to do with me personally unnoticed.
Excellent course! Helped me understand a lot about how analytics is being used to shape the future of marketing and how many industries are leveraging better availability of data to provide customers with exactly what they want.
The course was an eye-opener for me as to the breadth of usage of data in modern decision making. The course was taught by extremely diligent professors and their pedagogy really helped me understand the crux of data analytics
Content was very useful, It was beautifully explained entire concept and the best part is you will have lots of examples & get all the information needed. And quiz questions are well designed, not an easy quiz but interesting.
a course is judged by the way it is explained with the help of real-life examples and applying it to the real-world problems...this course covered both the aspects...fabulous teachers and the enriching course is all I can say
Basically, the course stimulates my interest. Though I am not an economic-related student, those professors invoked my strong expectation for this major. I will keep trying then! Hope to see you at the Warton School in 2021!
Wonderful course that provides the basics to understand customer analytics for someone with no background in the field. Thank you to the wonderful instructors who presented difficult material in an easy to understand format!
The course is amazing, throughout the course I learnt many things. it builds curiosity to know how data can actually do much better than what we think it's doing , it helps you develop insights in data modelling of top firms
The course provides a very good overview on the important concepts in customer analytics. The tests are trick and challenging, which helps in maximizing the lessons learned from the course. Definitely, i highly recommend it
This course is very much useful to know about how modern industry deals with datas. The professors who are taught the courses are really awesome.. I am very satisfied to choose the course on customer analytics in Coursera..
Course offers interesting insight in the modern marketing and retailing techniques, which will be very useful for me in the future. I would recommend this course to anybody working in the field of marketing or data science.
I have had so much fun exploring the customer analytical side of the purchasing process and it has given me some great insight in how to objectively view store designs, to better obtain whom their largest target market is.
very interesting input and insights about how firms make products in line with the customers behaviour! it opens my eyes about data, and wants me to take further into how to analyse the data and how we interpret the data!
it was the excellent experience to learn customer analytics and application in real world.  I got so much insight about customer analytics. Excellent course content and well experience lecturer deliver real time examples.
A very interesting and informative overview of what seems to be becoming a very important topic. The material was well organised, well presented, and useful in my workplace. Thanks Penn and Wharton - nice job all of you!
Excellent course with a great coverage of topics and interestingly explained by some great professors from Wharton Business School. Be sure to take notes while watching the video so that you can perform well on the quiz.
It is great for starters. Gives good insights and takes through into the subject, but it only shows how analytics is in the world today, I was expecting a little more detail. And the assignments are not of good standard.
Such A fantastic way of learning I can easily get what I want it increased my thinking power and analysis techniques I really appreciate Coursera and Wharton institutes which empower me and enhance my skills. thank you!
Fantastic and Great Course for anyone who is interested to Learn Marketing Analytics and to understand Consumer Behaviour!!!Great Sessions from Expert Group. Thoroughly Enjoyed Learning this Course!!!!Thanks to All!!!!!
Interesting material taught by a seasoned faculty. Tests may have emphasized rote learning more than comprehension, however format of the course compensated by being designed for material absorption and further reading.
A really good course. With an interest in Analytics, this course taught me about the countless opportunities available, and forced me to think in a broader perspective of using data to influence decisions in my company.
This course is really helpful for the one who wants to have the basic insight into Data Analytics. This course works as a stepping stone into Data Analytics and generates enough curiosity to pursue in this field further
Highly recommend this course for those who wanna develop career in Marketing/Business AnalyticsEspecially week5 module is a very informative module with real life examples . Thank you to all lecturers and Coursera team
Loved Eric Bradlow and his chapter in the course. Great delivery of content and some of the most interesting concepts were laid out which tied the whole course together. Great introduction course to customer analytics.
It was an amazing experience. Though the course won't provide much of a mathematical side to analytics but holds strong grounds in decision making and ways a person should think before landing upon the final decision.
The course is very well structured. It does give me a lot of insights. Expecially the last module on the application and case studies, that really help me to understand how to put the theories into practical actions.
The idea and content of this course is excellent. The latest need of industry is considered in this course. I learnt many new things which was not known to me before doing this course. I want to thank coursera team.
I gained alot from this course and the tutors where amazing. Using real life situations to explain what would have seemed complex.  Thank you Coursera for the 7 days free trial that enabled me to learn this course.
I'd die for an actual full course on data mining and market and consumer research. Very theorical, though I'm glad I now have a more wider concept on said subjects and can autonomously look to go deeper into them!
Great lectures and content that was explained very well for beginners to Business Analytics. I especially enjoyed the interesting topics discussed by Eric Bradlow about the applications and case studies in week 5.
One of the best introductory-level courses I've ever seen online: there is a fine balance between using entry-level language and concepts and, at the same time, providing high-level relevant information. Awesome!
Loved it! While I knew a lot of that considering I have been working for more than a decade and a half, but some parts were refreshers for me and I loved revisiting those grey cells. Prof. Iyenger was very nice!
As an engineer, stepping into the business world, it was quite a lot to grasp at the beginning. The tests also seemed a little harder than I expected, but the expert narration and course material got me through.
This is a very useful course for beginners, concepts are explained very nicely and at a very easy pace. The last week is used to explain the use of all those concepts and gives examples from day to day business.
I learned a lot from this course especially in understanding the right thinking and process of using customer analytics. I also learned a lot of practical examples on where customer analytics are being applied.
Really Good course. Lecturers are brilliant explaining the concepts via samples which everybody can understand. You may need to have a little bit of statistic knowledge but it is not essential to do the course.
The wording and focal points of the questions on the quizzes are a little unusual and the course has room to survey more, but it provides extremely valuable information if you are new to this area of business.
This course helped me to acquire general knowledge and the basics of customer analytics. I am very grateful to the lecturers of this course for the very accessible and interesting presentation of the material!
Great course.  Engaging professors and real world content.  I will apply concepts here to our Goodwill Industries of KY operation.  We have a large retail presence and loads of data to study.  Thank you - Mark
Excellent course on customer analytics. The concepts and methodology to approach the customer analytics were explained in a very lucid and easily understandable manner. A BIG thank you for a wonderful course.
Some of the quizzes were very challenging. I learned a great deal from this course. This being the first f 5 courses in the Business Analytics specification, I am looking forward to learning the next course.
Content is easy to follow. Lecturers are not boring. They are very passionate and delivering the lectures in distinctive ways that manage to capture my attention. Appropriate range of resources are provided.
This has been the most educative video I have enrolled in the Coursera platform. Thumb up to all the instructors. and thank you very much for all the professors and teams in this course. thank you very much
Helpful for anyone currently in or seeking to enter marketing or product development as a profession. This course demonstrates skills useful for developing an analytical mindset around customer centricity.
The professors deliver the content of the course in an easily consumable fashion. They provide real world examples of customer analytics. I truly benefited from this course and from the insights presented.
Great overview of the marketing analytics field, delivered by top lecturers from the academy. It helps extend understanding on the principles of descriptive, predictive, prescriptive and their application.
This was a eye opener for me. I can now make good sense of big data. I highly recommend this course. The value of the knowledge gained is mind-blowing and more resourceful than imagined. Thanks Coursera :)
It's absolutely relevant to the real world problems and situations. The lecturer delivered the materials, which are also arranged properly, perfectly in terms of timing and conciseness. Very up-to-date.
Excellent couse on "Customer Analytics", my first ever.  Excellent teaching quality and the video-lectures are with the Wharton stamp.  I am excited to complete the "Business Analytics Specialization".
The course is very useful and opened a whole new set of interests for me. I'll keep learning and digging into customer analytics for sure, I can see it's a very valuable set of skills and knowledge.
This was my first course on coursera and i think it was definitely worth spending time. This was my first step towards analytics and this course has helped me gain insights about customer analytics.
Provides very good overview and understanding of cutomer analytics, how to collect data, measure, predict outcomes and what techniques to use in different scenarios. Highly recommend for beginners.
This course is designed with highly skilled faculties. The way they explains carry a lot of meaning in small format. One may easily understand without having any prior knowledge of this whole area.
Fantastic course. The instructors were great, the real world examples were very interesting, and the course materials were relevant to the daily tasks I face as a Data & Customer Insights Analyst.
Immensely informative and sets up the context for Customer Analytics. Its a privilege to get industry experience by Peter Fader and Eric Bradlow (especially on Marketing Analytics and BTYD model).
A fantastic course to start wading into making sense of data and people. Would love to see some more exposure to the processes and approaches (CLV) at a deeper level, but outstanding non the less.
This course has widened my understanding of customer analytics and the significant role it plays in modern business establishments. Thanks to the UPenn team and Coursera for making this possible.
The course has been tailored so nicely for deep understanding of Customer Analytics. The instructors' way of conveying the information is excellent and there are no too long videos to get bored.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Lots of relevant learnings taken out and being able to pace myself according to my work schedule and off days worked well for me. Thank you for the opportunity
This is a really challenging course.  This gives a clue of how the best statisticians in the world think.  Just don't get lost in the math - focus on the theories and you'll come out all right.
A great introductory course for customer analytics. Goes into details about marketing research, customer lifetime value etc. *not for people who are looking for some hard core stat calculation.
the course take me to learn some basic but very important knowledget of customer analytics, totally change my mind of customer analytics, it is great lesson and foundation for the future work.
Good Course but can be make more deep in terms of contains and explanation. Sometimes it feels like they are just scraping the surface. With more deep contain they can more value addition tool
A good intro to customer analytics.  I think some more critical thinking could be applied to the tests rather than simple memorization.  But, overall, a well executed course.  Thanks everyone!
I have learned a lot. I liked the approach of dividing the topics into Descriptive, Predictive and Prescriptive. Also, the discussions on the applications of the course is really quite useful.
The course was very insightful and the assignments were challenging which needed deep understanding of the basics taught by the awesome professors in a simple yet creative language. Thank you
All the lectures are easily understood and the applications of data that are mentioned helped a lot to understand the data in action. Overall this is a valuable course and would recommend it.
Extremely well done! I worked in the 1990's with a marketing research company in Delaware County founded by four Penn Graduates.  The University of Pennsylvania focus on excellence continues.
This course provides a more real and practical understanding of customer behaviour and the reasons behinds the choices they make. I am excited about this course, and I feel greatly enriched.
Erick Bradlow is an excellent instructor as also Peter Fader. If you are willing to learn from the people that are day to day on Industry's innovation field then you should take this course.
Excellent material for the analytics of customer. We need to get more explanation regarding the Predictive part as to how we got the hot matrix. I could not get that. Is it prior research?
A great course which actually tells us how important customers analytics for an organization is!. The pace of the course is medium but you get to learn something exciting in every session.
I had no idea on what to expect from this course. After investing a few weeks to complete this course I feel like I have a solid foundation on how to leverage data for business decisions.
I have developed great  great insights that will forever change my view of marketing.I feel empowered with knowledge that will impact the kind of analysis I do in future.Thank you Wharton
These courses are really useful, through learning, I formed a deep understanding on customers analysis and the CLV for marketing. Thanks Coursera, and Thanks professors for these courses.
This course provides a logical system of customers analytics and a series of practical insights to apply theories into real problems. I like the analytics applied part in week 5 the best.
If you are into business or startup (at any level) this course will help you understand your customer in a much better way. I am going to apply the knowledge gained into my own business.
Very good course to understand the advanced analytics practices followed in the modern day sales and marketing profession and how our day to day actions and experiences are linked to it.
It is quite difficult, I had to read the materials more than once in order to pass! I think it could have been much better if the materials were more powerpoint slide rather than links.
I really enjoyed this introduction to customer analytics. Thank you Wharton for providing this excellent resource to those of us who are becoming increasingly fascinated with analytics.
So wonderful!Yah, this is a useful course for anyone who want to know how data is processed. With dedication of 4 professors, you will enjoy the knowledge which you get in this course.
Excellent course I must say. Each and every thing that all of the instructors covered was comprehensive and easy to understand. This course is an excellent start towards a new future!
Very pleased with the shorter length videos; each addressing very specific sub-topics. The lecturers are all very knowledgeable and educate in a clear, concise and captivating manner.
Great Course! I learned a lot! I thought the Week 4 quiz was hard to answer some of the questions asked. It took a lot of trial and error and It did not relate well with the lecture.
Great Extra Material!! Especially the R stuff!! I'd like to see much more of customer analysis! So much great ideas! It really miss the part of how getting data without pay it fo XD
It's a perfect course to introduce yourself in the analytic world. You'll get the basic knowlegde about: what is data, what does the organizations do with it and how can you do it.
It was a very nice experience learning this course. I got great insights which i was unaware of. Thanks to the faculties for their dedication and Thanks to Wharton University also.
Quality input, great tutors.  Relevant to me as a technical salesperson and data enthusiast.  Thank you for the excellent offering.  I enjoyed the quizzes, the videos and the PPTs.
Loved the course.However I don't know how to check the correct answers in the quiz exam. Please show options to check the correct answers for all the wrong ones in the quiz exam.
Very interesting and useful. With this course you can learn in a few weeks the basics of Marketing Science, what it has became a must in business, specially for decision making.
Great tools, ultimate data of what's going on now (and what could happen in the future), and excellent teachers. Congratulations, and glad that i've learned a lot of new stuff!
Excellent Course. Excellent Professors. Really opened my mind to the possibilities of using Data for far superior Business results. The Industry wide examples were eye openers.
Gave a great perspective about how to go about with data; the do's and dont's. Would be interested in reading more relevant articles to further enhance interest in the subject.
This is a good start for me that is just entering into the field of business analytics. It make me want to learn more and probably consider a career switch if it comes my way.
Great insights on the collision course of technology and managerial sciences with real-world practical examples for a complete picture of the progress made and we are heading.
Thank you so much! This course is my first course what I have done!!! The content is really interesting and useful! And I so much love professor's passion about Customer Data!
It will give you the ability to converse, to imagine, and to know what should someone do in the era of Big Data. It won't give you the technical ability to implement it though
How to create valuable data, ranking of the customers according to there presence, marketing techniques, customer data collection applications and many more. thank you somuch
After this course, I came to know that there are so many small-small aspects that customer analytics comprises of. Thank you for covering every minute details in this course
Found this course super interesting, as as challenging (specifically Week 2). The application of our learnings in Week 5 really interesting and put the theory into practice.
I really enjoyed this course as it linked my experience in economics and statistics in an interesting and engaging manor, teaching me new ways to look at customers and data.
Very Good material, the topics are very well presented and explained. The approach is didactic and the additional material gives room to further exploration. I do recommend.
This is a fantastic course. It is broadened my horizon on how business should focus on customer who matter. Faculty is excellent and so is the content. Delivery is awesome.
Super great class. The way that this course teaches me is interactive and stimilates a lot of personal thinking. Also the structure of the course is super lean and clear.
Really good course to start with.Professors are very engaged, content is very well structured and evaluations are fair; so long as you actively watched the video content.
I learned a lot in this course! I would like to thanks for this course for motivating me to explore more application of customer analytics and case studies in real life.
I took a a course  "Analytical approach to marketing decisions at my university and the instructor recommended this course. One of the best courses I have taken so far.
Great course. One thing I love and value are challenges. The quizzes are very challenging and really make you re-watch videos/ re-read the handouts. Very useful course.
Very Clear and concise module. Explains terms and theories with great examples and clarity. Recommended for anyone, even without previous knowledge of analytics domain.
this is a great course, to understand the perspective of customer analytics at basic level. This project really helps in building foundation of customer data analytics.
This course has given me a lot of insights about Customer Analytics. The questions were a bit tricky at times, but make you understand through the depth of the lectures
Superior quality content and professors (as expected from Wharton). There are some questions which I have failed to crack and would love to have someone address them.
Excellent instructor and material provided to support the Course. Definitely a MUST have Course for professionals looking to improve their Marketing Analytics Skills.
Its a brilliant course especially for someone who is looking to understand ROI and measure ad effectiveness. I wish, though, there were a few numericals to practice.
It was a really insightful course and sufficiently loaded with information. Although, I would have liked to learn more about tools of collecting and analyzing data.
Learned a lot about the practice done by top companies which have access to various data about customer purchase behaviour, how they collect it and how they use it.
very good course. Though I expected a bit more technical information from it  such as how the data is forecasted and more about the predictive models and its types
I was felt really honored by doing this course under the Wharton University. The study material were really good and quiz were brain storming. Thank you very much.
This has been a great course and I would highly recommend it to others. The course allows us to understand Customer Analytics as a beginner and it builds our knowl
A great course that provides learners with an insight of what firms are doing today to maximize their profit. Great instructors, enjoyable experience, I loved it.
Great insights for someone who isn't well versed in these fields of data collection. Also sums up customer data analysis well in a short while. Great instructors!
It was an enlightening course for me which has opened my eyes to much greater realities in the field of marketing analytics. a must for a marketing professional.
I would anyday recommend this course to anybody interested in marketing sciences and analytics. This has been so far the most insightful and interesting course.
it is very insightful to learn about descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics. It helped me bridge the knowledge gaps in customer marketing analytics.
The course was informative and well taught. It covered major elements and gave a good overview of analytics involved in customer management to increase profit.
A course which helped a person with no analytics experience like me understand what customer analytics exactly is. It was a great course with great curriculum.
It was a great experience learning the course since it was application-based. The professors were both witty and work-oriented which kept the interest running.
this course is very interesting and useful to the beginner who has no background. Highly recommend to people with Engineer background and you will learn a lot!
the couse gave me really great insights regarding market research and customer analytics. the application part of the course was the most fullfilling content.
It would be nice to have another course with more technical analysis tools and exercises from real life where you had to do some analysis to submit an answer.
I recommend this course highly, material given is engaging and challenging. More additional readings will definitely benefit folks who are taking this course.
Thank you very much for all the insightful information. I will definitely be able to apply my newly learned skills to improving the marketing of my business.
As an engineer in a sales executive role, I throughly enjoyed the course having no data mining expertise. Every business executive should take these courses.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It was very informative and gave me key insight on how the proper collection of data can be used to optimize your business.
Awesome course!!! I was introduced, to so many different concepts that I had no prior knowledge of, now I can look at many things now with a new perspective.
It is very use full course for customer data Analyse and set out product and make good margin at future prediction for our business how to grow our business
This course was beyond my expectations . The content was bang on and the types of examples  used for analyzing customer service were up to date and relevant
Great course! Very interesting course content opens the perspective for many counterintuitive situations where data may be used to solve corporate problems
This course is really good. Topics are related to this course are really well explained.It would be better if we have some practical related to this field.
It's a fantastic, eye opening course. I learned a lot in the space of just 5 weeks. Thanks to the Wharton School of Business for the wonderful opportunity.
The course has an interesting rhythm from the first week. I think it's a good place to start understanding the data and tools needed for customer analysis.
Excellent overview to get you the basics of customer analytics. Does not cover the mathematics or formulas for the models. Very good to get your feet wet.
Customer Analytics course is very helpful if you want to learn about analyzing the problem, how to solved the issue by using of Customer Analytics course.
This was a much more challenging course than I anticipated.  Anyone considering this course will need to spend some time and read and study the material.
the real applications are very interesting. Never knew how companies like Google and supermarkets can utilize analytics in such a way to generate profit.
Excellent overview of customer analytics. This course makes sure you understand the importance of customer analytics and what is required to do the same.
This course was a great deep dive in customer analytics concepts and applications. Highly recommended for marketers and business leaders in any industry.
A fascinating insight into a field of study which strongly affects us all, whether we're aware of it or not! Very manageable from a beginner standpoint.
pretty nice class for learning the business analytics, this is the course that teach you what BA is, and how u can improve ur skills in it in the future
Very helpful in terms of clarity of content and appropriate testing methodology. Superb instructors with amazing lecture delivery throughout the course.
Fast paced and informative. It was great to see how marketing use data, statistics, and the R programming language to make actionable business insights.
Very impressive course setup in a systematic way which make to understand those even who doesn't have any prior knowledge of analytics. Thanks for your
It was optimal enough with a lot of exploratory and descriptive data explored over causality with high prediction to lower churn rates of application.
Thanks for a wonderful experience.  Please make the quizzes answers more about research or the handouts and less about speaker opinion interpretation.
this was a very good course...impressed by the way Prof. Peter Fader talked about the topics...looking forward to take more courses offered by wharton
Very well curated course on Customer Analytics. It has equipped me with right set of concepts and ideas to go about setting customer Analytics model.
Loved the course. Although it was a brief into what customer analytics is but it motivated me to learn more about it. Thank You Coursera and Wharton,
Great course. Thoroughly enjoyed it. The content was easy to grasp a special mention about the last presentation by Prof. Eric was great!!!Thank you!
I was not sure initially, but as the course went by, it started getting better and better and I would definitely recommend this course to my friends.
I had one of the best times of my life as a student undertaking this course. Thank You Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and Coursera!
Great course, every insightful information shared.  Well worth you time to take the course.  MY thanks to the Professors for sharing their knowledge.
It is very help full course of marketing person who can utilized in our job and growth of the company and increase the profitability of the company.
Very informative course for me as an non-business major student to understand more about how data can be used in making better managerial decisions.
It's a great course for individuals that want to get a hang of how predictive and customer analytics work. I would definitely recommend this course.
Wonderful work out by the Professors. Great knowledge transferred. Agreed with the conclusion that future of marketing is really business analytics.
One of the best online courses attended. A lot of good info and sharing in session for marketing analytics context which is relevant and practical.
Leaned a lot of new things in the world of analytics! Thanks to Coursera and Wharton faculty! Can't wait to learn more about the remaining courses.
The course delivers exactly what it promises. The topics and concepts are well explained in the most recent context and in a very intuitive manner.
I like this class so much,especially the application last one.It is so amazing that data analisis are so interesting.Thank you fou all the teacher'
Great course! Gives you the basic "detailed" knowledge about Customer Analytics.  For someone new to data analysis, this is a great course to take.
Fantastic! I never had a chance to see analytics from this point of view and so amazing to discover how to implement this for my profissional life!
Learning about the applications of customer analytics to optimisation of revenue makes it a lot easier to love marketing. The course is impacting.
Course gives a good foundational understanding of descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics which can be used to manage customers better.
Probably the best bunch of professors ever to teach this course. I had a thorough understanding and the language was clear and simple. THANK YOU!
I have been interested in Business Analytics and Data Science, this has been the first step that started my journey.Thanks a lot to everyone.Olv.
It gives you a clear insight about how a consumer makes his buying decision and how to make business decision based on customers buying patterns.
Truly enjoyed this course as it gave me insights to how we should be looking at data and the value one can derive to facilitate decision making.
This is an excellent course ; the trainers are great and the content is very relevant and explained in an easy to understand yet concise manner.
A very good introductory course in customer analytics which strikes a balance between theory and practical examples. Enjoyed the course greatly.
Very good materials & presenter. Some quizzes are pretty tough to crack, make you run through the course materials again and really take notes.
Now I have understood how analytics is important. But for more exposure, I need to apply it practically to solve real-time problems and issues.
Great content, Still useful even I watched this in 2020. Expect a bit more detail on calculation side and/or sample case especially on week 2-3
Excellent course. It provided me an insight into customer lifetime value. The material that I learned in this course will help me in my career.
thank you very much for the opportunity, it seemed a very interensate, dynamic and entertaining course, loaded with a lot of useful information
I did enjoy this course: very fruitful and practical. I would like to deeply appreciate this opportunity and strongly recommend it to everyone.
The course gave me a deeper understanding of the technological development and drive in industry to automate interactive processes. Insightful!
customer analytics are the basic things and one should know how things going to work. i am happy that i have successfully  completed the course
Interesting thoughts on all aspects of customer and market analytics.Additional course resources were very useful to me in my current job role.
A great introduction to the granular world of customer analytics, not just the marketing world through analytics. I would highly recommend it!
Extremely useful. Would be great if more practical exercises would be included, however that was outlined in the beginning, so can't complain.
By far the best course I have taken. Cant wait to complete this specialization. Thanks to the whole team for offering this course on Coursera.
A mix of technical stuff explained in simplified language. The Advanced Management Science bit was mind boggling. Amazing knowledge transfer.
Exciting material and talented instructors! One of the amazing parts is the applicable to real life CLV model with an R package. Many thanks!
This course gave us pretty advanced concept and technologies on customer analytics. It opened a window for us to dive into it more in future.
I really enjoyed this course. There was a good mix of numerical theories and general concepts. It'll definitely come in handy in the future.
Great learning experience. Got to know the nuances of Business Analytics and that too in a very interesting and systematic manner.Thank You!
Interesting take on Customer Analytics. The videos were short and concise, but were able to provide insightful information about the topic!
Great course with really good insights on the current applications of analytics in marketing and future developments of these applications.
Awesome course.... Very interesting introduction to customer lifetime value...customer analytics one at a time...technology applications...
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, learnt a lot of new terms in customers analytics. Thanks to the professors. Especially Prof. Raghu, Eric.
Awesome Course from Marvelous and extraordinary University. Faculties and teachers are Knowledgeable and good English communication skills.
Good foundation for the customer analytics subject. Detailed explanations and covers all the important topics with some practical examples.
This course gives me a basic picture of what Business Analysis is, and the way that professors convey the knowledge is easy to understand.
I liked the course.  It was very informative.  I'd like to continue the next course, however, I will have to continue it at another time.
Wonderful Course related to Marketing Analytics primarily focusing on Customer. Great Learning Experience and useful examples are shared.
This course is awesome! I really enjoyed the course and learnt alot in business analyst in application to marketing. Thanks to Coursera!
Invaluable knowledge and approach. I wish I had taken the course earlier in my career in education and administration in public schools.
Very useful overview of the data analytics for marketing and how they can be applied. Showed how better data can lead to better science.
Well structured course. Very well explained. The course gives very good insight about how customer analytics is used in decision making.
This course has helped me understand customer analytics. Thanks to all and faculity members who created this course with passion. Rajesh
Great course!  I found it very helpful even though I don't work in marketing.  Great course if you are interested in business analytics.
The presentations as well as the extra study material provided was extremely informative. I'm highly satisfied with the course content.
very interesting and I learned a lot in which I hope to use professionally.  Thank you so much for the opportunity to take this course.
This is an excellent course for understanding and appreciating the field of customer analytics through a plethora of real life examples
a very good course to know and have a better understanding about customer analytics with clear and simple language with impact examples
This course was best as they have given a real life examples to understand the concept. And many company names are got to know. Thanks.
I enjoyed the course. it really helped me in understanding how to extract customer information and design customer specific sales data.
Great Lecturers with real life experience in the matter. Their input is valuable and background in the subject undoubted. Recommended!
Amazing course material and teaching by the professors. Learnt a lot of new things and the course provided a lot of food for thought.
This was a great introduction to customer analytics and a real eye-opener as to just how powerful these techniques are proving to be.
Nice built up for offline advertising professionals to jump straight to customer analytics giving a well taught digital introduction.
I love this course. This course provided an overview of the field of analytics and I learned how to make informed business decisions.
I found it mind propelling. It shapes how I used to think about this and how we should think about Dat and marketing in  the future.
Really good introduction to how Customer analytics can drive business decisions. Great examples and explanations by the instructors.
Fablous course! must must for marketing students and the people who are entering into data sceince and having a marketing background
This course have provided me with a lot of interesting and helpfull insight, and I will highly recommend everyone I know to take it.
This  course really help me understand what customer analytics is. Gives good knowledge & future prediction for customer analytics.
I really like the kind of information and knowledge that I gained and also the assignments were testing me on my application part.
I learnt many things from this course, its also improve my analytical skills. and thanks a lot to help and support me for cousera.
The course was really useful and helped me in understanding the actual impact if Marketing Analytics in the real world. Thank you
Excellent, well designed for understanding the Customer Analytics, and many great examples of companies using Business Analytics.
Really insightful course on how a business leader can make use of Analytics and how to unleash the power of customer centric data
A good overview of the most current best practices, technology and techniques in customer analysis and data analytics approaches.
This is my first Course in Business Analytic . The course content is very Good and I enjoyed a lot and gained full satisfaction.
Definetly it is an excelent introductory course to concepts, fundamentals and appliations of Customer Analytics. I recommend it.
Very helpful and educational course, especially the last lecture (Week %) which gave a detailed insight into real world models.
This course was interesting and I find the contents very relevant to my work. However, the quiz are really difficult to pass :)
Once again, another great class!  This particular class gave me a much more concrete insight into how companies are marketing.
The course is very clear and easy to be followed by people who did not have a base knowledge about business analytics like me
Great curriculum design and the professors are amazing. Lots of real business examples to help set the knowledge into context
Providing information about the important of the data & interpretation. Especially individual data tracking based on location
Great course with some really usable models provided. I think there should be more hand-on cases but definitely a great value
Great course to get to know how data can be used tu make your company better. All the lectures were really clear and simple.
Great Insights into the analytics view on the customer data to predict better decisions for the benefit of the organization.
Great course focusing on minute details. Very helpful for persons who love business analytics and see that as their careers.
I love the teaching and the way the course is designed. I do appreciate the video content. It makes it interesting to watch.
Awesome course! Very insightful and I learned so much! The professors were also really great at explaining all the concepts!
Graph examples should be picked up from the begnning instead of giving a pre-prepared graphic example.I enjoyed this course.
it would help if all the topics came with additional information links or papers which might close the loop of information.
I really liked this course. the structure of this course is good, specially while give practical examples of the companies.
Easy to understand and gives great insight. A bit low on applying the knowledge, but that comes in later courses I presume.
Great insights and flow of information are taught in a manner that is easily understood by executive to C-level personnels.
Customer Analytics is a great course really well presented by Wharton teachers. All terms really well explained. Thank you.
This course is very useful and I have learnt about Descriptive analytics, Predictive analytics and Prescriptive analytics.
Excellent course about business & customer analytics especially for beginners, instructors were very good and professional
Well crafted and good content. Very helpful in learning the business thinking that needs to be done with all the analysis.
one of the best courses in coursera to learn about customer analytics.It really fulfilled my expectations about learning.
Enjoyed it comprehensive and well presented very tough tests at the end but really enjoyable and extremely well presented
i really enjoyed the course. Profesors are very clear, and there are exciting examples and tools to manage marketing data
The first and second week's audio wasn't great but the content and overall lessons throughout the course was outstanding.
Excellent introduction to key issues in customer analytics.  Great teaching and fascinating insights on the applications.
Amazing Course...  helped a lot to understand the actual utilization of data and application of analytics in marketing...
It is a very interesting course with practical content. Love those real business examples. Highly recommend this course!
Great course, some more details will be welcome. But I did learn a lot even after working in the same field for 2 years.
I learnt a lot and still feel like I have much more to learn, it was well simplified for a beginner like me. Thank you.
Amazing in-depth knowledge on how customer analytics can help a company make better managerial and marketing decisions.
Great overview, while I think it may be better titled "marketing analytics", as many discussions are marketing related.
Very much intuitive and to the point, even a novice can understand the concepts. Great job done by Wharton Professors.
This is great introductory course and teaches a lot of great techniques towards customer Analytics with Good examples.
It's a wonderful course to gain and brace your knowledge about market, sales, data prediction and other market factors
Crisp and clear overview of customer analytics. The course has definitely increased my interest in customer analytics!
Gained a lot of insights about the scope of Customer Analytics and the professors were great in teaching this course.
This is well developed course that gives insights into the customer behavior and buying patterns and life time value.
I loved both the examination and learning the experience. The knowledge one can gain from this course is quite a lot.
Great course - the professors work through it at a good pace and clearly have a strong understanding of the material.
A very good course,with great professors and nice examples to help understand the things we learn during the course.
Best Basic level course if one wants to understand how marketing is done using the current data analytics practices.
Kinda hard in week 3. Need to give more explanation about how customers is categorically valuable based on their CLV
Excellent Course, the tools and topic showed here gives a good perspective on how to start analysis on you own custo
I liked how the course is arranged, the information concentration, vivid examples and real life examples. Well done.
Excellent course for  giving an idea how customer analytics is being used. Some hands on practice would have helped.
It's an awesome learning experience. I got to know about a lot of thing about application of analytics in marketing.
Great course and perspective to utilize analytics for customers.Some more models and example would have have helped.
I got to know the customer level analysis. And how organization starting to predict customer level from store level.
Interesting insights for every business owner or marketing executive. Use the data you have to optimize your sales!
Everyone in any business needs to do this course. It shines a light on how deeply data can affect business success.
Learned a lot. Great fundamental course for students who wanna know marketing and customer analytics or strategies.
It's too much important of management student as well as business men.This very important course and very helpful.
Thank you Coursera and Wharton Online for provide such amazing Course and Content for learning Business Analytics.
Excellent faculty and lectures and very lucidly explained concepts  with notes and further reading on the subject.
Great course to a beginner-level learner who is interested in marketing, customer analysis, and basic statistics.
Extremely in-depth analysis of topics - helps in better understanding of hidden concepts behind customer behavior
Amazing! One of the best courses in Coursera. Indeed, analytics is the future of Business specifically Marketing!
Very practical and good way of teaching terms and analytical references. I was intrigued right from the starting.
Highly recommended to those are busy and want to learn new great thing on Business Analytics, Customer Analytics!
Thank You Coursera for giving me the opportunity to learn on this amazing course. Looking forward to learn more.
I love this course I learned a lot of new things in this course and I am surely going to use them in the future.
The course helped me learn the intensive dynamics of customer analysis based marketing in the field of business.
Very good Insight on how data should be utilized and how broad the right type of data can expand your business.
Tricky quiz made me think beyond the modules taught. Case study/Live Examples in the last session were amazing.
This is an amazing course, give you an insight on customer analytics and its applications in the leading firms.
Thanks for giving me the opportunity>i am really thankful to you.I am pretty excited to be part of this course.
Recently completed the course and has been a great journey so far. Great insights by the professors at Wharton.
Very informative and useful course that I do believe that, I will apply these learning in our daily work time.
Very nice course. The course is about an overall introduction to customer analytics. Very useful for beginners
Amazing and up to date.  A great way to understand more about the value of applied data in marketing decisions
Great course! Succinct and effect on explaining how marketing has changed overtime through Customer Analytics!
I was truly fascinated by the quality of the professors in terms of knowledge as well as the readings offered.
This course covers all essentials to required to increase your business by focussing on customers effectively.
A great introduction to analytics in business for someone with a background in undergraduate-level economics.
Very good course! gave me insights about how important data is in the present as well as future for managers.
It was a perfect starting platform for me and it definitely has intrigued me to delve deeper into the subject
Excellent information. The information is taught that is easy to understand and apply to business operations.
A very informative course taught by excellent faculties. Living up to the name of University of Pennsylvania.
Amazing course structure and videos! Got to learn a clear higher level picture of what customer analytics is!
one of the best course I've attended. Best possible way to make someone understand without much technicality.
Very informative course and the professors are very good in explaining the concepts and highly knowledgeable.
Very insightful course for businessmen who want to understand how to understand and approach their customers.
Awesome Experience, and is necessary to continue checking this Course, because of the detail of Information.
amazing course, it gives you a lot of insights and new ways to see the application of data in the real world
I liked the course and the lecture. It has helped me to understand various techniques and to get an insight.
very practical knowledge about marketing and could be implied not only in business but also in daily living.
Excellent, but I would be grateful if you could translate all your courses of absolute quality into Spanish.
Best course to describe about the behaviour of customer and how to predict the future marketing strategies,
This course is highly educational. The Instructors communicated effectively and i totally learnt new things
Quite insightful course that gave exposure to new marketing science adopted by big companies with big data.
This was a great course and contained a ton of practical knowledge that would be useful across many fields.
Fantastic Course that prompts you towards the right direction to understand the world of customer analytics
I like all the examples, and I really enjoyed learn about the tools for customer analytics. You are great!
It is a great course to introduce yourself in the amazing world of analytics, definitely a great decision!
This is the best course for the people seeking knowledge on decision making skills for handling customers.
Great course for leading me into the business analytics! Hope the further courses will keep surprising me!
This course  introduces the concepts of Customer Analytics in a very interesting and counterintuitive way.
Its excellent....way of learning..Special thanks to Eric Bradlow, Peter Fader, Raghu Iyengar & Ron Berman.
The Customer Analytics course gives unexpectedly new insight into the latest trends in business analytics.
Great analytics introduction for beginners. I enjoyed this course and can't wait to start my next course!
Good course content, make me know what is customer analysts and the module could be apply during analysis
Detailed and well-articulated, everyting is clearly explained and made easily understandable for novices
Hands on course for customer analytics with case studies that get your mind kicking to get into action.
Very good general info on customer analytics and the power they create to make decisions for businesses
Awesome course taught by great professors in very interative way. Thank you coursera and the other team
Amazing course! Great teachers and the material is completely relevant to today's business environment.
good content to study and really like the way teaches us especiallly prof raghu sir, i appriciate you .
The course is very well structured with various examples that helps the takers to related and remember.
Informative course. Presenters were engaging and the case study examples brought the material to life.
A very good and Detailed course >needs to include more projects and practical assignments for practice
Excellent course, the importance of analyzing your customers determines the direction of your company.
it's a great course, with a new perspective about how to manage the customer analysis and relationship
Solid, understandable concepts, with real application discussions. Highly suggestable starting point.
Excellent introduction. The professors clearly love what they do and it shows in their presentations.
Good to have a reference how we shoud apply and work.I would love to have more data analysis on this.
For a beginner this  is a very excellent course to get a good understanding about Business Analytics.
Thery useful course for encourage my  business processes in e-mail marketing. Thanks the course team!
Bradlow used real life experiences to make a student understand the 5 concepts of customer analytics
Nice way to get the basic understanding as well as get used to the terms used in Customer analytics.
Thank you for providing financial aid. The content in the course and the professors are outstanding.
Great insight to understand how analytics is getting more and more important in marketing management
Informative and Concise. Concepts introduced are well-presented. Highly-Recommended Course.Thank You
Week 1 and 5 were stunning! Maybe there could be a lot more application based learning :DThank you.
Great course and good insights on how companies are using customer data to make business decisions.
Excellent Course to unlock the power of Data, to know right customers and to fit right organization
The content of the course is top notch. It was delivered perfectly on the coursera platform.Thanks.
Excellent course, I took careful notes. The lectures were crucial in bringing this subject to life.
Great course! It opened my eyes to the greater field of analytics beyond just Descriptive Analysis.
Excellent introductory course with real insights for someone with no prior knowledge in the field.
very insightful for any field of business. great use of modern examples, some really blew my mind!
I enjoyed the course especially because of the real corporations's problems. Thank you professors.
Great learning experience.Teachers are great and they keep you interested for more the whole time.
Great experience as well s learning.I  thank all the professors for their guidance and hard work .
Best Teachers for the course. Really loved the way they were teaching. Thanks Wharton and Penn. :)
if you plan to succeed in the customer service and Marketing industry, this is the course for you.
It was a great introductory course, explaining the various sources and methods of data collection.
Great course!Well explained on a beginner level, but with enough challenges to make it worth while
This was a terrific course. I have gained lots of insights into customer and marketing analytics.
It was a very insightful course. I will  be looking for to use the learnings in the place of work
Good foundation basis for customer analytics. Could use some more practice and practice problems.
Excellent course. More real world examples in every lecture would add to the learning experience.
A wonderful way to get the most recent insights in this vast customer analytics thematic! Useful!
Amazing instructors! Such an interesting course. 10/10 recommend. I learned so much! Thank you!!
The course was great. Thanks to the instructors who have created this course and explained well.
Great class with appropriate content for senior management. I would highly recommend the course.
Great  introduction to  customer analytics , very interesting  investigation and practical cases
Outstanding experience ! At least I understand the basic of Customer Analytics and its elements.
An Excellent course with lots of real world data as examples.It was a great learning experience.
This course was a refresher for me. i like the content and the materials shared. They are worth
Excellent course, highly recommended to those who wants a complete basis on customer analytics.
Very helpful. The case studies and insights were fabulous. Looking forward to more such courses
Thank you very much for this wonderful, smart, insightful, amazing course! I loved learning it!
Excellent, very good course, good mix of qualitative and quantitative with real-world examples.
I found this extremely timely and useful, I want to follow up on this with additional materials
The fundamentals of Analytics as business decision tool adressing to solve managerial problems.
Very good course with students who have background or experience in business field. Thank you.
Well structured and maintains a good speed. The quizzes are of mixed levels. Enjoyed learning!
its simply amazing. many dimension are covered. Astounding. thanks for this knowledge sharing.
Perfect. It is not too technical but explain the main things to know about Customer Analytics.
Excellent course course for analytics aspirants, well explained by highly experienced faculty.
I really like the content and how well briefly explained the key topics on customer analytics.
its and excellent course..with a good flow of how things work and what are the application....
Very insightful course. Knowledgeable speakers. New trending concepts were discussed as well,
Good for understand the basics of Customers and marketing analysis. THe last week is amazing.
Great insights about customer buying pattern and using analytics to help understand it better
Excellent Course. Easy to understand and great work by all the professors of Wharton School.
VERY NICE PRESENTATION. NICE VIDEOS. USEFUL, INFORMATIVE. I REFER MY COLLEAGUES AND FRIENDS.
excellent skills and insights from which  day to day critical business decisions can be made
The video lectures were great and highly entertaining. I would highly recommend this course.
World class lecturing.specially , case study and the application slides are more versatile.
Great introductory course on Marketing Analytics and basic knowledge on customer analytics
This course is highly informative and eye-opening. The lecturers are of top-notch quality.
One of the best topics to read and also the faculty made this topic much more interesting.
This is an amazing course for anyone willing to start their career in Business Analytics!
Great course. Engaging content and lecturers. The assessment tasks were very challenging!
It is a great course learned many of the new tatics and many facts that are mind blowing.
A much more difficult course than I expected, but a great overview of business analytics.
The quizzes are harder than I thought!! But good content. Very educative and enlightening
Not really in-dept, but it is a nice overview and nice examples are given. An eye-opener!
Interesting insights on the power of data analysis on a customer level. Excellent course!
This what you need to start understanding the business analytics field. excellent course.
The best coarse I have ever attended on Customer Analytics. Its to the point and precise.
Excellent course.Enjoyed learning from the Wharton team.Thank you for offering this MOOC.
This course gave a wonderful insight on what customer analytics is and its huge scope. I
The course content is very informative and the way of explaining the content is awesome.
Wonderfully organized and orchestrated online course-work and study-material and methods
Clear explanations of customer analytics, incredible support documentation and examples.
Loved it! All the professors were great. Loved the examples and real world applications!
It's really a nice course which is being taught in a very efficient and interactive way.
Tough class due to the material but very interesting and intriguing. Highly recommended.
Most Valuable asset to business. Lectures are very interactive. Glad Took the Course. :)
They are teaching you from the very basics and the way of teaching is pretty exemplary.
A wonderful course for starters who want to enter into the world of business analytics.
Very insightful course that helps us understand multiple aspects of customer analytics.
a good introduction to the path , an eye opener to the floating opportunity before us .
THIS COURSE WAS REALLY HELPFUL TO IMPROVE MY KNOWLEDGE ON A PART OF BUSINESS ANALYTICS.
A very insightful course and helps in understanding of various models used in analytics
great course filled with high level understanding/practical use for customer analytics.
Course was really helpful. And i learnt many things for my subject. Thanks to Coursera.
This is a great course for those who don't have any previous knowledge about analytics.
One of the best courses I ever had. Thank You Coursera for letting me take this course.
Best course for business analyst, who wants to learn and understand customer analytics.
It was a first time i saw the power of predictive modelling beyond the next sales cycle
learnt a lot from this. insights on how to apply customer analytics in my place of work
Excellent course providing a good overview of customer analytics and the latest trends.
Wonderful course for anyone who wants to learn the basic theory of customer analytics.
Really interesting, engaging, and very thought provoking. I really enjoyed this course
Delighted to have been in one of the most productive courses I have done in my career.
Is a very complete module for starting in BI. Warthon always deliver quality products
Very well-composed course with real world examples, engaging and challenging quizzes.
Very beneficial course that taught me the essentials for data and customer analytics!
Especially liked Week 5 with Eric Bradlow. I'll be looking at other courses from him.
Excellent content and well distributed classes. Glad to be a part of this initiative.
Very good introduction to customer analytics! All professors are really fascinating!
Great course, fantastic delivery and interesting cases. Very helpful and insightful.
very helpful course, provides very intersting informations about customer behaviour.
That is a great course for those who have little background on given issues. Thanks!
Fantastic course which combines interesting theory and bright examples. Fascinating!
Very dense content. Great professors. Quizzes were tough. Overall, I learned a lot.
really really great course must try as it is detailed and give relevant information
Good insights on customer analytics with case study and exapmples. Very nice course
This course have changed my thought process towards the customer and there analysis
Great course with a lot of insightful information. An amazing learning experience.
Great content, what I like the most was the application cases of the last week! :)
It was a great course, just would like to have more explanation of difficult terms
Very good course. It was a big pleasure to feel how new knowledge going trough me.
Excellent course.   Topics are relevant for people looking forward in their jobs .
great course. more case studies and practical questions would have made it better.
Excellent overview of managing and using data to predict future customer behavior.
Was really an interesting course. Thank you for making it a wonderful experience.
Great course and had some great conversations off the back of it with my CA team.
Very informative and up-to-date course with many useful and applicable knowledge.
Necessary  for marketing in any form. - the teachers make it easy to understand -
Amazing content. Relevant and updated! Thank you for sharing with such enthusiasm
This introduction course is very easy to follow and full of interesting findings.
The course is full of information about customer analysis and I have learnt alot
very user friendly, and clear descriptions about each topic. very helpful course
I am happy that i have completed this course and i have learned a lot from this.
It's a great learning experience. Thanks for providing the material and courses.
The application session (the last part) was very interesting and well-explained!
Great entry level course for those who would like to get a business analyst job.
It was awesome. I loved it. Thank You Coursera and the Wharton Business School.
Awesome !!I learnt alot of practical lessons which i intend to apply to my role
there is should be some practical analysis in excel just to show data analytics
Very Useful Course.  Dealt in detail. Lectures are Lively and examples are apt.
Very informative course , I would recommend everyone to checkout this course !
The course was quite insightful into the world of Data and Customer Analytics
Great practical information from knowledgeable instructors.  Would recommend!
The course has very current and exciting contents offered by the best tutors.
The course is very recommended for business development, analyst, or manager.
Some basics but lots of useful facts, prompted me to take the specialization
Very insightful and gained lot of new  information and trend in analytics!!!
Amazing course!Helped me a lot in improving my marketing analytics concepts.
Excellent teaching. Many tutors speak with true passion. Highly recommended.
nice course, but I think I need some basic background to get a better grade.
Very nice course and great professors. You won't feel sleepy in this course.
Learnt newer things, cleared past assumptions, better say, Unlearned them...
I learned how to use different viewpoint to analyze data in business field.
Extremely engaging course with focus on real-life examples and case studies
study slides should be made available like a revision before the assignment
A very nice course. Develops interest in analytics using basic explanation.
Helped me a lot for basics. Examples and case studies are well articulated.
thank you for all , this help me a lot. you people are creating new world!
It´s amazing course, I learned Customer Analytics, big data, data minning.
This was the best out of the courses hands down!!!! Well done to the Profs
This course was challenging but I learned a lot about customer analytics.
I really enjoyed this course. The content is very comprehensive and rich.
The course provides awesome insight into the world of Customer Analytics.
Probably one of the finest courses to cover basics of Customer Analytics!
Prof. Eric Bradlow was the best professor that taught me marketing. EVER.
was a very helpful platform, it really added much value to my knowledge.
Excellent with many practical real life examples to explain the concept.
Awesome material by Wharton. Great professor. Eric Bradlow was the best.
Great course and beautiful presentations..thanks to all the Professors..
This course provides  great theoretical knowledge of Customer analytics
Very nicely organized, high-quality class. Definitely worth the effort.
Professor Bradlow was amazing. I'm going to remember most of his stuff.
Very, very a good and applicative course. You have to join this course!
Amazing insights along with practical examples and real life scenarios.
really loved this course. will be recommending it to our hr department.
This was so informative and interesting, I really enjoyed the content.
This course is very effective. I really learnt a lot from this course.
Very good content accompanied by great examples and practical problems
It was fun. Got some new things to learn. All in all a good experience
One of the best specializations for the carrier in Bussiness analysis.
The course is very informative and also imperative for young students.
It's very helpful for beginners to know more about customer analytics.
very helpful course if you plan to make your career in service sector.
Quiet basic in the beginning, getting very interesting over the weeks!
I have enjoined taking this course and learned a  valuable information
Excellent for Marketing Consultants and new quantitative professionals
I love it so far, and it is helpful for starting a career transition.
amazing course designed in a simplified manner ....god bless coursera
Very helpful course for better understanding about customer analytics
An eye opener ! a must for all in Marketing , Advertising and beyond.
The course did justice to Customer Analytics and showed new insights.
Detailed presentation with relevant examples. I really learnt a lot.
Extremely good course with good assignments and appropriate examples
Great course with deep insights in customer relationship management!
Simply explained the various complexity of customers! Amazing course
Excellent Course, A lot of useful information and simple instructing
Brilliant must take course for individuals interested in Analytics!!
clarity knowledge delivery，helpful program，thanks for the platform!
Very well presented, provide great insight into the analytics world
Very good course. It would be worth having examples of Omnichannel
Would you pls. update the content based on 2020 situation? Thanks!
It was very useful, i believe this course will take me high places
A good course to go for to learn about analytics and its usability
Great. Very theoretical but loved it and got lots of new insights.
This is one of the best courses i have take, it its very didactic.
great course,good faculties.overall very good experience learning.
It got me where I needed to go, the RFM analysis really helped me.
It was an amazing course and helped a lot in learning a new skill
Very informative course but also includes a review of the basics.
Perfect course with a lot of examples and types of data analysis.
Very good Course gives the right insights into customer anlaytics
Very Good Course for everyone who want to be a Marketing Analysis
Excellent material. Good teachers and very detailed explanations.
Very informative course. Great content and easily understandable.
This course really helped me understand the basics of analytics.
Customer Analytics is very important course in Marketing Domain.
Very informative and gain good knowledge to enter the workforce.
Very innovative and helpful course contents, highly recommended.
Very insightful with great practical examples from the industry.
Thank you so much for the interesting and understandable course!
Very Nice, gives an overview of what needs to be focused later.
Very useful introduction to data and how to use it effectively.
It tries to explains in the simplest form for you to understand
Gave me good idea about customer Analytics.. Thanks Coursera :)
So far so good! I hope I can make progress in the next classes.
Very inspiring to learn how much analytics are already in play.
I absolutely enjoyed the in-depth study of Customer Analytics.
Really nice course to start learning about customer analytics!
quite simple and easy to startuseful method and model involved
Amazing resources, excellent teachers and wonderful experience
Great content, awesome examples with practical implications!!!
pretty nice insight into the knowledge of customer analytics.
the course is really great, i want to implement it in my work
It was a fantastic course and I learn a lot from this course.
Really interesting and demystifying of marketing assumptions!
It was really useful for the knowledge of customer analytics!
Interesting course, perhaps with little practical excercises.
Very Insightful and learned so much, week 5 was my favourite.
learned a lot and i am truly happy with the knowledge gained.
Excellent Course, I learned new topics that I wasn't aware of
A lot of great information presented in a digestible format.
Nice course to learn a lot prospective of customer analytics
Amazing course! Wealth of information - Enjoyed learning it!
Instructors were very clear. Quiz difficulty was just right.
Great class, very clear, dynamic and with great instructors.
Great course to understand the basics of customer analytics.
Excellent course content. I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures!
My introduction to the Marketing side of analytics.Thank You
Superb course. It's changed the way I look at data forever!
Pretty basic, so super helpful for people we are new at it.
good insight into world of consumer analytics for beginners
Awesome Course on Customer Analytics & Future Marketing !!!
Great course to start my journey in the world of Analytics.
Unlearned, Learnt and Opened new paradigms and dimensions!
I enjoyed the course material and the challenging quizzes.
Great course! Lots of useful information. Structural feed.
It is an introduction to the course. It is warm and clear.
An enlighted series of lessons for newcomers of marketing!
Great Intro to customer analytics. High recommended to all
Want to learn more practical illustrations and scenarios.
Very Informative course in a easy and smooth going format
there should be practical work too along with theory part
Excellent !! Full of concepts and real world application.
great course for people to understand what analytics is.
Very comprehensive, knowledgeable profs, good resources.
Very effective and easy to understand and conceptualize.
An excellent insight to the topic of customer analytics.
Highly recommended for understanding analytic in general
Great introduction into the field of Customer Analytics.
Fantastic teachings and professional learning materials!
i love  the way of explaining and procedure of software
It's a knowledge worthwhile learning Customer Analytics
Thank you for giving me this course, it's very helpful!
It is really effective for me .Nice experience. Thank's
Very interesting. The videos are broken up very nicely.
i wanted hands on experiment but i can do it myself now
Excellent insights into the world of business analytics
As customer analytics professional, i like this course.
This course is very helpful for me.Thanks to Coursera.
awesome class arrangement and great professors btw!!!!
Excellent and very insightful course. Highly recommend
A good introductory course in analyzing customer data.
Excellent course for someone new in Business Analytics
Excellent course. Excellent insights from Peter Fader.
Excellent intro to Customer Analytics. Wish there's mo
Opened my mind about what's happening around me daily
Thankyou best course to understand  customer behavior
Interesting content, good teachers and good material.
Very helpful for the budding marketing professionals.
Excellent course, we can improve our acknowledgement.
Best for Beginners in the field of Business Analytics
Excellent course, and i would recommend it to anyone.
Very well explained, detailed and clear. Great work!!
Really enjoyed it, very interesting, well presented.
Excellence, but speed of talking need to be reduced.
An excellent course to get started with Analytics!!!
great course, very informative, loved the experience
I really enjoyed it. Examples were very interesting.
Excellent Course. Was very useful and well presented
very useful course, has gained cutting-edge insights
Awesome learning experience especially for freshers
I loved the Predictive Analytics part of the course
Nice course with good building blocks for Analytics
Good examples and practically applicable techniques
very productive course material designed by wharton
i have a good time and gain a new knowledge. Thanks
Very high quality course every manager should take!
well crafted course for the analytics professional
Excellent course to learn more skills in analytics
Amazing Course. A great step towards better future
Great introductory overview of customer analytics!
One of the top notch faculty and an amazing course
exciting and revealing... i certainly want more!!!
5 Star course. Very clear and full of information.
very very useful course taught in a simple manner.
excellent course to analyze the consumer market!!
Very practical class offered by great professors.
Very helpful to know about the current happenings
Fantastic course, exactly what I was looking for!
Excellent way of introducing customer analytics !
Excellent professors with quality course content.
One of the best course offered through Coursera!
Tough quizzes, forces you to think but worth it!
Would be great if we get some practical exposure
It's lucrative course for analysis the business.
Very Insightful and up to date course curriculum
Very practical and enlightening, Interesting too
great knowledge that can be applied immediately!
I really enjoyed doing it. Thank you very much!!
Very good course! Loved it and enjoyed it a lot!
Great course go so much out of each weeks topic.
I just started this course and already like it !
Thank you for such a great learning experiences
Fantastic course . Great insights and takeaways
Great!! Learning. Right from basics to Advance.
Very informative and attention-grabbing course!
Excellent course with diverse knowledge gained.
Great course, learned lots of useful techniques
Learnt a lot from this session, a polished gem.
very practical and insightful at the same time!
Excellent course and teacher. Congratulations!!
It was a good course. Eric lecture was awesome!
great course methodology and content.loved it.
Excellent course! Got to learn amazing stuff..
Super Helpful and good pieces of information.
Learning can never stop you to grow and learn
Easy to learn with tons of material provided.
classes were very interesting and informative
Excellent professors. Very good explanations.
great course. The quizz part ould be improved
Thanks for putting up such a great course !!!
Really interesting and well executed course.
Thank you, a very good course and I love it.
amazing professionals and covered all topics
Helpful for non-technical explorers as well!
This was really good experience of learning.
Good to understand thinking in a logical way
Very good course and very easy to understand
THAT WAS A GREAT LEARNING EXPERIENCE. THANKS
Great choice to start in the analytics world
I would have liked more real time examples.
Excellent knowledge about Customer Analysis
Great, Loved the course material & content!
My rating is what I expect from the course!
Excellent Explanation and content delivery
Very helpful and interesting way of study.
Awesome course. Gained a whole lot from it
The course is very helpful and Interactive
Great course for aspiring marketing people
Excellent depth and breadth of instruction
The course was indept and very educative.
It was ery much helpful and knowledgeble.
Thank you for sharing information with me
very challenging and intellectual content
Best course with great leaning experience
This course is good for me as a beginner.
Gives a good overview of analytics.Thanks
Interesting course with great professors.
Excellent course. I have learned a lot...
Nice Course... cleared the fundamentals..
Great Course learn a lot about marketing.
Very good general approach to the subject
A perfect course with the best professors
THIS COURSE IS WELL LOADED, THANKS A LOT
Great course! need to digest for a while
Very interesting and challenging course!
Excellent course  on customer analytics.
It was a nice experience.Thanks so much.
Good introduction to business analytics.
Week 5 was fab! Really liked Prof Eric !
Great course to start business analysis!
very useful and helpful to me, thank you
Great course for business professionals.
Great to start with this course. Thanks!
superb course with excellent faculties.
nice course many new thing i learn here
informative and well thought curriculum
Very informative and easy to understand
Amazing! thank you for the opportunity!
Pretty informative, right to the point.
Very informative, lots of case studies.
Great insights about Customer Analytics
Insightful and though provoking course.
Enjoyed the course. Very useful indeed.
It's an interesting and helpful course.
Excellent course content and the staff!
Very good explanation of Pete and Eric
This course is very helpful for who do
excellent explanation by all faculties
Fantastic course! Amazing Professors!!
Very informative course,Well explained
It is very helpful for develop career.
good material and interesting delivery
I couldn't have found a better course
Thank you for the course. it is great
Well designed Course with application
Great prof giving real life examples.
Really Informative and useful content
Great course for Business Executives.
Highly Recommand, excellent teaching!
The most valuable course on Coursera!
great class. definitely worth taking.
good Course,gave a lot of insights!!!
Thank you for putting up this course
Understandable and good explanations
Very Helpful and insightful as well.
Pleasure to learn form such scholars
Great teachers, interesting content.
Great content! Valuable information!
every marketing guys must know this.
the case study is really inspiring!
good couse very use full infomation
Great instructors. Difficult tests.
Insightful course, hand on practise
Excellent course. Very interesting.
Good Course for learning the basics
Very Good. Want to do next courses.
Great course and great instructors!
A very good and informative course
A very useful course for beginners
Teaches well and start with basics
it was fun and easy to understand
Well explained and very useful 🙏
Great content and great charisma!
Thoroughly enjoyed this overview.
Fantastic course and instructors!
Learnt a lot through this course.
informative, and well-explained.
Fab content, highly recommended!
Learnt a lot during this course.
a very rich and pragmatic course
very nice and informative course
Great view of today’s marketing.
Great! This course is fantastic!
its a great course to start with
Very good syllabus and lecturers
Very good course indeed. Thanks.
Was great learning experience,..
Super helpful course! Thank ypu!
Well Organized and well prepared
Great course, engaging lecturers
Great Course with great insights
Indeed very interesting course.
Perfect starting for a beginner
Really interesting and helpfull
Very good course for beginners!
Very insightful and interesting
Very interesting and insightful
Excellent in all kinds of ways
Offered in a professional way.
Fantastic ! Unbelievably good!
Real illustration of marketing
I learned a lot in this class.
Great insights on this course.
The course was an eye opener!
Excelent material - good path
great course and great tutors
Good course...great learning!
Very good course to work on.
Great Work by all professors
I have really learned a lot.
Something different to learn
Great overview on the topic!
Good All the lecture is ok.
Excellent and inspiring....
Very well organized course.
Thanks for giving us such w
Awesome! Covers everything
Very practical and useful!
Very happy for the course.
Good learning experience!!
IT WAS A WONDERFUL PROGRAM
Great content and insight.
Really loved this course.
Very dynamic Professors !
Super intuitive! Loved it
the teachers are amazing.
Great learning Experience
Really compact knowledge!
MA SHA ALLAH learnt a lot
Fantastic and informative
Game changer for my work.
Active Data collection :)
a very impressive course
I like this course  👍🏻
What a wonderful course!
It was added value to me
the best gurus are here.
Very Nice and Intuitive
This course is perfect!
Well structured Course
in depth info provided
Really a 5-star course
Really Amazing Course!
Thanks for Course Team
very engaging teachers
Nothing more than good
very quality material
Very Nice Experience.
I love the professor,
Very Good Experiance
very mind expanding!
Very Helpful..... :)
Course is effective
Excellent Learning!
highly recommended!
Loving this course!
exceptionally good.
customer analytics
very good lessons!
Awesome Tutorials
Very Insightfull.
Absolutely great!
Useful and great!
Quite insightfull
Very hard course.
beautiful theory
Good experience
AMazing COurse
its amazing af
A very good p!
Good Insights!
Thanks a lot.
Entertaining!
yes thank you
High Level!!
very use ful
nice one !!
motivating!
so helpful
cool!!
Cou
C
