I see  only people complaining about this course and is true. I finished all my classes and I didn't get my certificate. No-one answer!!!!
I bought this curse aiming to get complementary hour for my graduation and I paid the certificate for NOTHING! I am pissed off and I will never buy another course in coursera! Always I can, I will tel ALL MY Friends and acquaintaces to NEVER trust in this platform. SOMEBODY TELL ME WHY I PAID R$170,00 (U$29,00) FOR A CERTIFICATE THAT DOES NOT CERTIFICATE THE TIME I SPENT IN THIS **** COURSE!!!!!! WHY TO SELL AN INVALID CERTIFICATE? WHAT SHOULD I DO WITH THIS USELESS PIECE OF PAPER?? OH MY GOD, I AM SOOOOOO DESPERATE NOW!!!!
I completed my course but i didn't get any certificate for my course
I can`t get my certificate!
you claim its a free course, but after the introduction slide they offer to purchase a certificate..and i do not see how to move forward by skipping it.  very convenient indeed ! well done
Why can´t I get that Completion Statement? Will I need to pay for the courses, against the initial basic purpose of Coursera?
It is more relevant to graduates or no interview experience beginners. Not much help on discovering self talents or goals.
You should this information at the starting of the course that i have to purchase the certificate for this course
I got cheated. There is a description that  the course is free. But now I am being told to purchase it.
Not good enough things are not particularly helpful
I didn't get certificate for completing my course
Am unable to purchase certificate help
doesnt require review its very bad
stick here, never can be ongoing
It's in very very simple English. so if you're bored of watching it, skip to something more professional.
The course material is outdated; thus, the information and techniques might not be useful in reality.
this course is helpful for student and job seeker thank you coursera and penn university professor.
I completed my course but I not got my certificate.
I expected something different.
very low level
I thought this class would be appropriate for all but it is geared more to the foreign student and a bit too basic for an American college student
The course is great but I think the instructors talked too slow. I was bored most of the time, but I still learnt something.
Big thanks for work! It's really good course for those, who just started to learn English and tried to improve his skills in that area. But I expected a little more and put 3 stars just because of it. It will a bit boring for me to continue this course because it was too easy. So I failed deadlines. And when I reset it, all the weeks except the first have been blocked (I don't know clearly how it works, but I don't want to wait when other weeks will be open for executing. By the way when I  started this course for the first time it had been completely open.)
Course was generally good but there are some issues to be taken into consideration 1.the assessment tools in my mind should have been a little more demanding so as to get learners make bigger efforts. 2.There should be a criteria to evaluate the level of English language of learners. I have seen a lot of peers making mistakes in grammar for example Overall I would like to say thank you very much for your time and efforts
some questions in the middle of the videos refer to information still not yet mentioned. they should appear later in the video. the speakers take too long to deliver, or perhaps and advanced level should be incorporated in this course. some of the assignments are too easy and some of the questions could be more detailed, as well as the number of questions in each assignment.
The course is good, however there shouldn't be any charge for the course certificate. There is no point in doing courses for Indian students because you guys are charging for course certificate which not everyone can afford.
The topics covered are good enough to improve the areas which we are not aware of or where we lack strong points so this course will teach that very clearly.
Content well described and pace easy to follow. I was expecting to have more insight about learning English
Successful training but l don't get the certificate uncles l completed the course
The course is amazing, however I am unable to get my certificate.
Good course, however the video/audio sound was very poor.
It was an awesome experience carrying out this course
Only take it if you are a beginner level in English.
The certificate should be provided free.
The content is too easy sometimes
This course has been helping..
Very Good Lesson
Job searching
It was okay.
Some errors on submissions
the course it´s very basic but is great for people that it is new in the Job search process , also for people that would like to improve their english job search vocabulary or people emigrating to work on new english speaking country.
Very Nice Program
It,s my destiny  to be part of this course or a got a chance to learn internationally. i really learned a lot about world's interaction, as well knowledge about foreign job perspective too. How to face internationally interviews, vocabulary style, delivery skills etc.gratitude for coursera to giving an whole world's students to get an opportunity to learn n get an practical exposure too. but i cannot pay to get an course certificate. kindly provide me the certificate free because i fill the all details about  why  i am not able to pay for course. i didn't get an any reply for it till now.
I really thankful for the course. I've learned so much from the course. I got to learn about U.S job sites and their process though there aren't all similar in my country. Now I know how to write a great resume along with cover letter and the most important thing how will I going to face the interview with confidence. I really wanna give a special thanks to our instructors of this course they were so good and for them it was actually became very easy for me to understand the course. Now that I've gained enough confidence I think I'll do better to get a job.
I got a very good opportunity to improve my  English for future career developing and improve way to communication in organization to staff which are team members manager and others. I am got one more opportunity to in future career improvement increase growth my career in other field also. And how to prepare resume and covering letter and how to speak  colleagues & staff  to like taboo(not ask anyone religion,politics & salary) etc. thanks to this course design and presented professor & university
An interesting, well-organized course, with helpful examples and engaging teachers (in some reviews, people complain about the speed, but you can easily regulate that, I watched most videos on +1.50). It emphasizes both the process (from job seeking to final interview, step-by-step) and the vocabulary & grammar basics needed for descent writing in English. Many quizzes are too easy, but overall it's a great course, especially if you are a high school student and you don't know where to start from.
Good to learn resume and cover letter writing. Can learn strategies to appear in interview. It helped me to present myself smart in resume and cover letter. And added values on how to appear and prepare for interview. Overall good course but did not include English language learning. This course is much more about career development rather than language learning. But still learn new phrases and verb that improved my English language as well. Thank you for developing this course.
Yes i find this course very useful as the English grammar that has been used is not that hard and complex to follow. But what i find more meaningful to attend this course is that using the proper way of finding the job, preparing resume,cover letter ,and elevator speech. I am satisfied and have broaden my perspective and knowledge while going for job search process in future. Instructors were very good as well and the course was well structured .
EXCELLENT. I could able to learn the things here may not able to Learn outside at all. But the one thing which discourage me, it is. It was first said that it's free course and will offer certificate after completion. But as I completed this course and then it was showing that I have to purchase, so I am not... happy with your way.... which makes other to .... show what you are going to offer...otherwise don't show that it is.....😔😔
Great Course for someone looking to know about entering a job market.great stuff and really useful and helpful.thanks to all the professors and to The University of Pennsylvania and Us Government for providing such a course and thanks to Coursera for providing such great platform for people like us to learn and grow.also thanks to everyone else who contributed towards this Cours.
I loved it, I learned a lot, it seems very good for people who just recently got to the United States, I have lived in the States for over 25 years and I have worked for corporate America, however I learned a lot since  I haven't had to look for job in many years, this helped my with learning what is important nowadays. I would love to see a course for more senior workers.
prepare person properly before applying job . I m Undergraduate and have no plans of joining job before completing my graduation but i think it was very important to learn all these things at this point of time so that we could also work on resume building. I deducted one star because price of this certificate is high according to me.
Teachers speak slow. Scripts for all videos could be seen (I found this function after I had passed the half). So, it is ideal for learners of basic English. The initial course looks start early, but some materials have added until recently. If you are interested in career development in the States, why not take this?
It was an interesting experience overall. Even though I knew most of the topics, there was always something new I didn’t know about. I feel better equipped and more confident when preparing my resume, networking or coping with a job interview. Thanks to the instructors, very well articulated and professionals.
I am really happy and updated after completing this course. This course taught me to how to upgrade your self while looking for jobs, how to write Resume and cover letter. It also taught me how to prepare for facing the interview and prepare interview questions. Thank you Iam really oblige
Thank you for teaching me what I do and don't in interviewing.  I gained lots of new experiences and abilities in this course. Teachers are really helpful and their videos are understandable and clear. Videos, readings, quizzes, and practices are useful to learn for career development.
It is a wonderful course for every one who really want to do something  different in their life and for those who are worried about there jobs and career. We all have potential to do something special in life but there is need of some step to take those steps are here.Great job!😊
After first steps in the course (Problems with the peer) I got along very good. I found out that I didn't need always that much time as optionally supposed. So I was glad to finish a bit earlier. Anyway a great possibility online learning - this was my first experiance. Thank you.
This course helps us how to write Resume in proper way,and how to talk with people when we meet other peoples specially in gatherings /meetings.Learn about Verbs,past present and perfect tense.Lots of learning in Day to day life,got confidence.Thanks for everything.
I have learned so much, about how to develop a resumen, cover letter... in USA, it is very similar in my country, and is very interesting  the using media to let you know. Personaly, I wanted to learn English and  above all listening to undestand beter.
A good course for people without professional experience or few years of experience. For experient workers is a perfect opportunity to practice english, if you are an experient worker with advanced level in english, the course could be a little weak.
This course give me a lot of information about how to make beter resume, also teach me to learn about how to show our skill. Nice and thank you for Brian and Turner , you are great teacher. Thank you to AE and University of Pennsylvania.
This course is crucial for anyone who wishes to seek employment in the US. I learned to design my resume and cover letter in accordance with the job description. This course also covered job interview do's and don'ts.
I became very excited that i learned . It is very useful course for those peoples who have English is a second language. I hope it will change our career. I would like to recommend to join and get the full advantage.
It is a beneficial course for people who are new to job search and wanted to make a good impression through a resume. It gives all information from where to look for job to how to apply and interview for the job.
It is a n excellent courese . It gives us the ability to write an outstanding resume and cover letter . This course paved the way for us to achieve the career we applied in , and be one of the best candidates .
It was quite an exception course, so many learnings along the five weeks. I took so many things for granted interms of writing a resume and a cover letter. Special thanks to the intrustors for opening my mind.
It is a good course for the job aspirants and very useful to write Resume and Covering Letters but somewhat boring for the teachers of English who have been teaching the content to the students already.
im very happy with this course . actually the big interests have got with m and miss but i have one suggest which give 5 minute direct communication  to every Lerner in the   course biggest greeting
I did not give one more star because i felt something missed, but my experience of learning in coursera was very enjoyable and helpful. I am really very thankful to you all for making coursera app.
I did not know before that finding applying and interviewing
is like a science thing that I have to study and educate myself for, I found
that the course is very good and standardise the whole idea
Excellent professionals. I believe that the course will be of great help on the future. Pus I really enjoyed it. All the best to the team. Thank you.  Sincerely, Tânia M. Lourenço (Portugal)
I enjoyed the journey throughout the course and learned a lot from it.  The course might be considered trivial by others, especially those who have already a job, but its a good refresher.
The course is excellent ! It helps me to know better about career development especially for the first week. It provides methods to know myself. I think the course is focused on pre-hired.
It is a well done course that gives usefull informations and advices about job seeking, and permit to practise with the language. Unfortunately, not all the "students" take it seriously
I WOULD BE BETTER TO GET SOME FEEDBACK NOT ONLY FROM.MY COURSEMATES BUT ALSO FROM THE TUTORS. EVERYTHING WAS CLEARLY EXPLAINED AND PERFECTLY DONE. THANKS A LOT FOR THIS COURSE!
It awesome course with Sweet And Fabulous teachers i am thankful to Coursera And Penn for this Opportunity. thanks to Sir Brian McManus  & Mem Robyn Turner.. Always keep Smile.
This is very useful and resourceful course for people aiming at career development and course covered almost all the essential issues and points related to career development.
It is a good help for a new appliant like me.I like the instructors' discusions and I will try to apply the job soon.Thank you for your help both the teachers and coursera.
A very practical course. I enjoyed the exercises though some caused me to think deeply before responding. It would do participants well to take the course seriously.
This course is very informative and contains useful information. I did this course because I wanted to brush up my Resume, Cover letter and Interview techniques.
This course is helpful. I've read 2-3 books about career development before taking this course. Some useful information from the lecture was not in those books.
Course is great. It could give more examples for the job interview. Unfortunately, some peers do not understand grading assignments so well and give low grades.
A very informative and practical course for people who are going to graduate from university and are about to enter the hectic, competitive workforce like me.
it is good coz this activity can help anyone to know how to make resume and cover letter. But so far i didn't receive a email that i finsih the activities.
Course was very easy with videos, readings and frequent exercises. Tone and speed of delivery and the content was enough to grasp the subject in less time.
I am really happy to be a part of this course.It really helped me a lot in preparing for the interviews and realizing my areas of interests and my skills.
Very helpful course! The instructors delivered the course very clear, the assessments and quizzes are fun and deepening my understanding to the contents.
It was a very interesting experience, this course taught me and opened my mind about how to look for a job both in my country and in the United States.
very beneficial which is rich in very good information for any fresh or entry level graduates and need to improve their language and business skills
It is very good course and because of it  i can understand and what to do in getting job and how to prepare resume and how to attempt the interview
Great course! I recommend it for people who has low-medium level of english and want to improve it and/or want to learn about job search fase.
A GREAT AND ENJOYABLE COURSE BUT THEY COULD'VE INCLUDED MORE OF REAL-LIFE DRAMAS LIKE IN THE LAST 3 VIDEOS :) TO MAKE IT MORE ENTERTAINING...
IN THIS COURSE I LEARN MORE DEEP ABOUT MAKING RESUME , COVER LATER.A;SO I FOUND NEW TRICK TO CRACK JOB INTERVIEW.NETWORKING PART WAS GREAT .
The content was easy to understand and learn. I feel so lucky to study with Excellent Professors. Thanks for giving us your valuable time.
I liked that they explain the topics in a simple and completely understandable way, including examples, making it more dynamic.Thank you!
I really had good time learning this course. I gained more knowledge regarding how to search job and everything related to job interview.
this course is very useful for the beginners and by the end of the course the individual becomes professional in attending the interview.
Really, It is an amazing course for career development and I also learned many of the things to build my career in a professional way.
Good good good, if you are looking for a work, would recommend this course for effective job searching in job market wherever you are.
It's  a good course to train speaking english and learn to write a cover letter, a resume, and to prepare an interview. Good teachers.
The course is good. But in video assignment it is somewhat difficult, if the assignment is in the form of writing it is more good.
It was great experience to attend this course. Course instructor had thought everything very nicely and clearly.   Thank you :) .
I've gain so much knowledge with this course and my skill is more develop with this. Thanks to educate and develope our skills.
This course was very good and useful for everyone who wants to have the knowledge of communication in network and interviewing
Very useful and strongly informative course. The modules are planned minutely and video and readings are up to the bench mark.
I think the course is great but maybe not challenging enough. I think you should market it as a course for English beginners.
This course help me a lot to understand the changing process in the work market.it is a great course and i recommended a lot!
This course is very helpful for recent graduate and also those who want to improve their career goal and want to work in U.S.
I found the course very funny and helpful, I learned new terms and I understood better the recruiting process in US. Thnaks!
Thank you so much our instructors . I really enjoyed this course.  This course is useful for everyone . So thank you again.
It helped me learn how to prepare for the job interview and be professional. It's easier than I thought before starting.
Got the pleasing result and knowledge by the time giving on this course.appreciate to University of Pennsylvania team!
I learnt so many things from this assessment.Thanks for this teaching. This assignment help me alot in my whole life.
Learning is not about just being  better your job. It's so much more than that. Coursera provide me the flexibility.
This course is very useful for english learning and career development. I enjoyed this course very much.Thank you..
A brilliant course. I learned things I wasn't aware about this topics. I would recommend this course to anyone.
I really enjoyed this course , it is very helpful for me to prepare for the interview and gain the confidence.
Good. very informativeWill l get certificate for my completionCan l get the copy of my certificate on my email
This course is all about building yourself in terms of applying for Job. The nice course gives time and learn.
So helpful Course it help us in our real life to can develop our self to be in a leader position as we planed
This course is very beautiful, I learned a lot from him. I advise everyone to take advantage of this content
I really enjoyed this course,  it helped me to develop my writing skills and also improved my Grammer.
this course helps me to use the right words when i manage my own interview in different circumstances.
This course really helped me to proceed my job hunting and to be more confident. Thank you very much
Very good for students with the Beginner level of English. Most of the tasks seemed to be too easy.
It is very useful for me to learn how to search for a job and stand out from the applicants pool.
That is good course, and its useful to be good candidate in a job searching and applying prosses.
it really helps to improve the Job skills and the English skill too very effectively and easily.
I have enjoyed the course work. Thank you for your hard work in making this course interesting.
It's a great course, in which they give you great tips to prepare to go out looking for a job.
the course was good and free of cost . I gained information on how to apply formally for a job
It was a clever course, with good tips to memorize the concepts and utilize them in real life.
Very nice course, I learned many new words and repeat gramma about Simple , thanks ❤️ God luck
good  and clear course . it can help everyone to improve their knowledge and to be confident.
Both the instructors are very competent and lively, i enjoyed their presentation skills.
I was a really helpful course i learn very useful things from it I highly recommended it
learned so many things after this course. i hope this course will help me to get a job
the best master's everthanks so much for this online training I've learned many things
very useful and good course i have learnt many things and gained new skillsThank yoou
The course is helpful, and the assignments practised the skills taught in the lesson.
Good advices for learn english and understaind de process of the job searching in US.
Just as an option, please send the certicates with approximate hours of study! Thanks
Thanks a lot sir.....for.... teaching new&advance strategy (for improving my career)
It so much fun learning this course. It helped me a lot to improve and be motivated.
basic course but gives lot of information about resume cover letter and interview..
Very useful and  helpful for people who want to know how to do a right job finding.
It's good and very useful. And I have learned many things how to propose for a job.
I recommend every one to join to this course , u will improve ur skills knowledge.
Very fun and interactive course. I have learned many new things. Thanks and Kudos
This course was really helpful.  I have had a good experience with this material.
It is good for new immigrants to get some ideas on how to find a job in the US.
Really good course, focused on a specifical theme but smartly tought. Satisfied
Good course learnt important tips for career development and English keywords
this course have been very helpful to refresh and improve my level of english
It's a basic course. But it was the first that I finished, so I'm satisfied.
I enjoyed this course a lot along with learning. Thanks to the entire team.
It helps us to learn great communication skills and prepare for a interview
Thank you for all the knowledges and experience you shared in this course!
I found very important to me! You had taught me great tools for my career.
I enjoyed learning with the mentor they were very clear during the class.
Good course for me but area need to be improved is the course navigation.
The course is very informative and useful. Many useful tips are learned.
Very good for preparing someone to go thorugh a job application process.
it was totally out of my world.an amazing learning style and much more.
I've learned a lot from this course and it was very productive for me,
This is a great course for the ones who are preparing to apply a job.
A nice course for the people who are struggling with finding a job.
Over the introductory courses it is one of the most crusial ones 😊
I didn't just studied this course but I just loved and enjoyed it.
Basic course, but quite fun to attend! For B1-B2 english speakers.
Pretty decent job by both the instructors. Keep up the good work!
Useful for everybody want to covert his resume in English from US
It's good course which can introduce how to get a job in the US.
its really such an amazing course  every job seeker should join
this course helped me a lot ,it helped to improve my job skills
Very easy to understand the material of leaning . Recommended !
Very nice course, but i would like to study more grammar rules
I learned something new and it's quite interesting. Thank you
Good but l muat pay, l think this itu free cost, but it's ok
I have learnt a lot about career development from the course
good course.It helped me understand better about job process
I learn many things of my professional life by this course.
I´ve got great knowledge on English for Career Development
This Course is very good for the begineers and freeshers.
This course is designed very nicely and it is very useful
Excellent approach with an interesting topic for adults.
it is very helpful and support you to start your career
It was  an informative course which was taught nicely.
Thank you so much help from Pennsylvania! Appreciate!
this course was amazing and have a lot benefits to me
Like this course and learned many things.THANK YOU..
This course was really good for every job seekers..
The course was good. I reallly learn something new.
This course is very much helpful for me.thank you.
In my opnion, video tests should be second option.
very good course, i have benefitted alot from it.
It is very useful course,Thank you a lot courser.
Its a really good course for career development
Very helpful! Thank you so much. I learn a lot.
This course is one of the best online courses.
Course is very helpful for career development
a bit to simplistic. otherwise - outstanding
very good course, get your progress here ^_^
it is very informative and effective course
very good teaching methods. It was helpful.
It was a very knowledge full course for me.
Actually, I'm enjoying this course crazily.
Amazing course, ready for the job market !
It was a great learning experience overall
Meticulously developed by the instructors.
great work. Thank you for helping us out.
Its a wonderful course for me, thank you.
It was very interesting for me. Thanks.
Its very good app for online learners
really add more things to my carrier
This is very for English development
letter, I learn about this coursera
Such a useful content thanks a lot
Excellent, one of the best courses
very good course i love it thanks
Very helpfull for new job seeker
I have learn't and enjoyed a lot
Very good for graduated students
AmazingI reccomend this for you
pretty easy and helpful course
it was very helpful thank you
It was very helpful.Thank you
The course is really useful.
Not boring :) very useful :)
Had a wonderful experience!
very useful for interview s
Good course, good lecturers
Very Easy Learning Process
It's a really good course.
Thank the helpful course.
Its good for beginners.
Wwonderful opportunity
It is really helpful
thanks so so so much
Its a Good Course
it is good course
Good to learning
Its very useful
Overall Good!!
its great
The course was well designed and developed. The language is simple and direct. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone looking to up skill their English language for career advancement.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The videos, readings, quizzes and games were very informative, clear and helpful. I hope that other users enjoyed the course as much as I did. Thank you very much!
I have learnt  so much from this course. I am glad I came across it because I feel I have gained more knowledge and understanding on job search, preparedness and proper planning before an interviews.
It is the very useful course for learning, this course provides videos for better understanding. A part from that there are exams like quiz, games, video recording, review of classmates work and all..
Very easy course I totally recommend taking it!
This course helps me to  speaking in job interviews and writing English Effectively.A lot of thanks you course traineer Brian Mcmanus & Robyn Turner.
That is an excelent course, everything well created. Thank you!!!
It really helped me to improve my English skill. Thankyou!
It really helped me and taught me a lot if lessons that I can really apply and use not only in my English subject but also with my technical papers. Thank you so much for this opportunity!
Very pleased with the knowledges acquired.
This online course can help a lot of people. I really hope this will be recognized and endorsed to more countries for it to aid a lot of people.
I learned a lot from this course. If you're someone who's planning to look for a job in America then this course is for you.
this course is realy help me to develop my skill and mental ability that i realy need
The course is written correctly. Thanks! thank you for your course, for your efforts, literacy and thoughtfulness. All the information was very clear and useful. For your positive attitude and ease!)
Great course. I was able to learn so much about how to apply properly for a job. Nice speakers and teachers they have a very clear understanding. I recommend everyone to take this course.
where's the congratulatory letter?
It was a very amazing course.It help me how to write a resume and a cover letter effectively. It also helped me in how to start a conversation with the other employee.   At last thank you very much.
One of the Best course
it help me a lot
I learned alot
I am excited to have wonderful learning by joining this course. I hope this knowledge will prove a milestone in the career development of all fellows. I strongly recommend this course to the professionals who want to learn the tools and techniques to start or improve them. I am thankful to the faculty for designing specific course contents and presenting in such way that the learner feels no difficulty in understanding.
This is certified helpful for the advancement of students.
AN EXCELLENT COURSE. THE TEACHERS ARE OUT STANDING. THERE IS A CLARITY OF THOUGHT AND EXPRESSION IN THE TEACHERS. EVERY ONE WHO IS SEARCHING FOR JOB SHOULD DO THIS COURSE. CONGRATULATIONS TO THE TEAM.
Thank you for letting us to use this opportunity at this pandemic situation.I find this course has a lot example which is unstandable and illustration and so efficient for newcomer and job seeker.
its much best course for Pakistani student how have treble in English. Instructor's are use good vocabulary and deliver word properly due to this course give full understanding.Thanks Google.
Dear Brian and Robyn! That was my great experience to develop myself and grow in professional sphere of communication. I have never learned such kind perspective course which gives me lots of opportunities to understand people's reactions, weaknesses and strengths.  This is my second online course from UPenn, first was from Canvas Network and each one is completed. I am really proud of you. Thanks a lot. Keep it up! Sincerely, Aizhan Syzdykova, Kazakhstan
I gained a lot of knowledge and information about the Job Application process and how to stand out from other job seekers through this course. It definitely helped me to enhance my English language skills by introducing several vocabularies used in the professional lives. I enjoyed a lot the sample examples and interviews presented in the videos as well as the quizzes and games we had to solve in the course.
Thank you for this really usefull course. It is easy, interesting, motivating, and challenging at the same time. I really appreciate job you have done and I wish to join more courses from this university. Thank you again and good luck!!!
I would like to say that this course has helped me gain many skills and improved my English...thank you and keep it up...NB: I kindly ask you to stop sending me e-mails on my hotmail account
I must say that it is good beginner /practical and refresher  course especially for all workers. I suggest they include online application / interview / social media platforms.
The course is amazing . This will help me crack interview . This is the first time I m going for interview and because of this course I feel confident. Thank You so much.  ♥
It is very nice experience to learn with you I would like to thank instructors for providing such a great knowledge in very interactive way again,Thank you so much....
this course helps me to become a better speaker and also being aware on somethings. i highly recommend you guys to enroll on this course. ciao
One the best and user friendly course i have ever completed.Quiz,Videos and reading materials add value while learning.Happy Learning.
Excellent course, clear and help me to underestand the hiring process in USA, additionally to increase my english level.Thanks a lot
Thank you so much ! You are the best ! It was my first course here and I so delighted that it was yours course ! I will miss you !
Very Nice course I learned very professional skills politeness, ethics of job search process and how do we perform on an interview
thank  you for all , this course were very interst and I am really benefits with many ways and information to developpe my career
I have learned a lot of knowledge about English for Career Development. Not only Career Dev. but also my English review. Thanks.
To learn How to write cover latter, Resume and how to attend an interview for that this course is very-very helpful.

Thank you!
this amazing course and this enhance my knowledge skill and ability. i am very thankful to be a part of this course.
Please give me my certificate at my google acc. (danielpaololastimosa@gmail.com) I need  it for my project.
Thanks a lot . I love your way of simple explanation . I gained a lot of experience in this course .:)
Thank you sir and mam for the wonderful guidence and developing my skills Thank you so much.
perfect course with great teachers and great clarifications
a little bit too easy. honestly, quite useful for all
I really like it, thanks for everything!
AMAZING, I REALLY LEARN A LOT OF THINGS
A better course for Career Development.
Very clear and enjoyable. Thank you!!!
Can help to increase personal skills
An amazing course, I recommend  it
Super quality and amazing teacher
l love the course.
Perfect:)
I am very happy and moved, thanking God for the opportunity to read, understand, learn and complete this course even though I face some difficulties with the language.I am a fan of PEN's teaching methodologies and have dreams of being able to graduate from UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA and increase my qualification with an American teaching method.I have huge dreams and that at the end of this course, I leave strengthened and motivated not to give up on my dreams because every day, I live a present that is still in the future but I am sure that it will be Mine soon.To the teachers, tutors, congratulations for the clarity because in a simple and brilliant way, they provided me with an understanding of the highest quality and I believe that for all the participants, it is enough to see how successful it is because of the number of subscribers. I am there, in the midst of millions of participants and teachers, please receive my virtual hug here from Brazil and know: Those who have the privilege of graduating from PEN, have no idea of ​​the dimension that this simple act means to me.I accept the challenges, I go in search of them !!Andre Abrantes - Brazil - Specialist and Project Woner  at TIM BRASIL -TELECON ITALIA
English is my second language. But in this course, I have been learned a lot of things to improve my English and how to prepare well for looking for a new job. How to use the formal word and how to be confident for an interview and impression interviewer. It's really useful and needed for everyone like me. The teachers were amazing and guide me easy to understand all the units I have passed. I really appreciated it. 
I really thankful for the UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA to make a chance for everyone without America can easy to learn about some major from college and especially they can study online and free while people don't have time and finance.
Thanks for the generosity and helping me a lot to build my knowledge and experience.
Wishing the college will have more course in the future to help all student around the world add more knowledge and know-how is the best from American Education
I've most learned to take a course of online course.how to apply a job in the market if how to formal performance while the interviewer and how to make a clearly resume and how to create if what to assign of parts of resume and how to create a good cover letter and how to fast making an cover letter and how to make a good elevator speech whether how to make to do it and I've learned that how to be a good applicant and also how to interview if what you move and how to prepared yourself and what in your saying during on interview. such mention this all i have learned to take this course of MOOC. Online Course is a great benefit for me because i have a lot learning of those module and i useful on everyday life and also works.
I am Rajib Barua from Bangladesh. This course is very contentful and interesting to learn. I have learned a lot of new things from this course which will be very beneficial to achieve my career goal in future. A lot of thanks and regards to honourable course teacher Mr. Brian McManus & Ms. Robyn Turner for your great effort to make this course very understanding, easy and exciting. As well as my regards to the University of Pennsylvania to provide a wonderful opportunity to learn and make me certified. All the best wishes to my teachers and friends who are supporting me to complete this course successfully. I am very interested to do a lot of courses offered in future as well.
First of all, taking
this opportunity I would like to thank all the team best teachers, students, developers and operators for the best service and support, actually, this course is very useful and i recommend to all the students and who wants to learn English and wants to improve the skills so once create the online user and join the course and study all the materials here,specially i have learnt more and more about resume, cover letter, communications, networking, developments and a perfect way for the creation of best resume and how to convince the reader, thank again for the support and appreciated all the team efforts. Best Regards.Hashmatullah Khalid
Thank You very much for the such a great course! The course helped me correct my previous mistakes and taught me how to write a resume and all supporting documents correctly. Acquired knowledge was applied immediately after passing each week and gaining new knowledge. As a result, already in the third week of training, I managed to send a resume, which was successfully reviewed, appointed and conducted an interview, which I also passed successfully using the tips and skills gained from this course. I express my deep gratitude to the University of Pennsylvania and course compilers! Also I'm recommend this course for all and wishing good luck!
This course has taught me lots of rules for many topics as composition
of my personal profile, writing a resume and a cover letter, delivering an
elevator speech and passing a successful interview for a job. So, now I can say
with confidence that now I know everything about a job searching process and
what it includes. I also know how to eliminate mistakes that I may make during
the job searching process. In addition, thanks to this course, in the future I
will be able to confidently and successfully identify my dream job and get an
interview, after which, most likely, my employer will call me back and I will
be able to get the job.
On my last job of 20 years of service, I had the
opportunity and the pleasure of being able to help and collaborates as much as
possible in terms of the companion group if one was missing for X reason and
there was an important assignment for the company, I by far I was glad I was in
charge of completing that part of the work that corresponded to that person who
could not attend, and so the company received his report or important work that
was due that day.We always support
each other as we work as a team. It did no matter Who, when and how but the
important thing is that it was fulfilled for the growth of the company.
Hello All,This course is very good for all, who is searching job. Especially, students/freshers who are in final year and in future search for job, this course is marvelous. It defines what type of resume have to be prepared for freshers/student and peer reviews also interesting part of this course, in which, we can know in some country which type of problems/solutions faced by the job seeker.Thanks to Professors, University Concerns and Controllers, who have developed such type of course for personal development.Regards to All including Peer,Neeraj K Jainhttps://www.linkedin.com/in/neeraj-jain-06167533/
I am very grateful for the makers of this course and our instructors from The University of Pennsylvania. You have kindly and effectively relayed your knowledge to me, especially to those who are non-native English speakers. Career counseling is a course requirement for my chosen masters program in a local University here in the Philippines. This course has helped me regain confidence, gave me insights in career development and career counseling, and even ideas from online learning and online teaching. It has been a great learning time for me on this course. Maraming salamat po. <3
Thank you Mr. Brian McManus and Ms. Robyn Turner. At first, I thought my credential will speak for itself and that I do not need to improve my resume but I was proven wrong. This course really helped me a lot in terms of resume making, job search and job application process in general. I wish I could show you how my resume improved and how many companies are now looking on my profile and wanting  to have an interview with me. Thank you once again and I hope that a lot of people will be benefited from this course.-Real Prado, Mechanical Engineer, Philippines
I am excited to have wonderful learning by joining this course. I hope this knowledge will prove a milestone in the career development of all fellows. I strongly recommend this course to the professionals who want to learn the tools and techniques to start or improve them. I am thankful to the faculty for designing specific course contents and presenting in such way that the learner feels no difficulty in understanding  I participated in this course through Duhok Polytechnic University. So, Please can I be granted a certificate of participation for free
This was very interesting and valuable for me. It helps me how to represent myself to get dream job in job market at international and national level, help me how to build up the social network in the world and how to improve your communication skill to compete and make intention in the crowd in the job market. I thanks to my Instructors who help me in this regards and share their valuable experience in the lecture. Again thanks to Coursera give the chance to earn another valuable skill that helps me to improve in my professional and personal life.
I thought it will be an easy course, repeated information and I will finish it in no time, but what I actually found that this course is very rich with new information, and made me see the CV and interview processes from a different angel, letting me get the new updates of how the process is going, and I discovered that I have an out dated information, which finally led to dramatic change in my CV, and now it look away better than before.Special Thanks to the amazing professors and for Coursera for giving us such a chance for change
I really appreciate the content of this course and it gives me different aspects of how I can prepare a resume and cover letter, the Do's and Don't's. I  am becoming more confident and able to prepare resumes as per the job requirements, how to build with the professionals the relevant areas, how my small talk can make a big difference, how to grab the attention of the employer through the resume, all I can say every in's and out's is explain here elaborately. Moreover, the instructors of this course deserve a thumbs up from me.
In my opinion this course is amazing because it uses very clear information and its sources are very interesting so i have many comments to recommend this course  first one I could learned how I could be successful job seeker second one it gave me a lot of knowledge about how job market works when one employer needs a good candidate so it puts an advertisement to look for it and how i could find it if I am a goos match for it , also it gave good information to realized my self what i want to do in my short future time, thanks
One of the good English course I ever attended. I learnt how to properly write resume, cover letter, preparing ourself for a job interview , and norm commonly accepted and practice in the U.S. and many other countries. University of Pennsylvania and Coursera have created a good course which is useful and beneficial to all job seekers.Thank you all people concerned to make this course available to many people who need good , constructive, beneficial in finding jobs or even who just want to improve his English language skills.
I thoroughly and rigorously loved this course. I'm very glad to have completed this course. I got to learn a lot regarding the job interviews and how to make a professional resume and cover letter. Although this course was simply amazing, it was pretty easy for me. In fact I had no troubles at all completing all the assignments before the deadline. I was expecting more of a challenge. In the future, I'd like to know the difficulty level of a course before enrolling in it. I hope coursera helps make it pretty clear.
As non-native English speaker this course helped me to develop certain skills such as following the right steps to job search process, application and interview. In addition to this, I have enriched my English Vocabulary with regards to Career Development and related terms and definitions. One of the things that I liked most was the combination of interactive features and relevant knowledge especially the instructors' videos because they were pleasant and beneficial at the same time. I do recommend this course.
After taking the course ,my perspective view about online courses have changed , the course was made in such a way ,it was simple to learn and understand , i really enjoyed the journey ,my resume is now set to one page ,and I clearly follow the instructions while applying for job interviews ,  separate resumes  are prepared , And ensure covering letter has been sent out for every job application , if required i come back for any clarification i have put a recommendation of the courses available in my circle .
That's a good opportunity to increase the writing, understanding, and learning new subjects, sentences and words. Don't underestimate the tittle "English for Career". You really need all of those explanations, even if you are not a job seeker or an employer. I also could found many specific and important information so different from my countryI am looking forward to the next course made by this institution.Thank you all, specifically to my teachers Brian McManus and Robyn Turner!Cheers from Brazil!
I  am so gratefull  for being a part of this great course. As a 24 young person, who is looking for a job, it was so important to learn about job applications,CV-s,cover letters and the most asked questions by employers. All those things i found here, and the most important thing i learned it.  Thanks you for organising this course, and to be a part of professional development of young people.You are great, and i will continue with the next part, more complex and more advanced on your site.
The course English for Career development is the most useful to improve the challenge on the dynamic job search. The course bring a lot of learning from the simplest to more challenging move. This course also link with other professionals in the glob with different background to review assignments, and this also a good learning each other. The instructors and their education methodology, language and procedure is very smart and I'm not tired even reading long for this training. Thanks,
This is a great course to better understand the hiring process and the skill the candidate should develop and explore.It's good for people who live in the US but also for who does not because of the exchange of information between students the teachers promove, and also because many lessons are focused about the candidate her/himself that does not matter much where the person is.I appreciate the opportunity and strongly recommend this course for those who are seeking for a job.
This is very awesome English for Career Development and I've learned a number of knowledge about grammar, communication, creating writing, resume, cover letter, interview, and many more in this course. This course is well designed and develops many videos, games, and quiz. Both lectures are specialist for career development that can able to understand clearly. From my personal perspective, this could take the person who is actively looking for a job or fresh graduate student.
This English course has maked up with using alot of teaching methodoligies, and also the instructors are been explaining with in a  polite way, It's very much easy to understand and the activities are attractive and can practise a much basically this is a very rare opportunity gain by us with the  busy Environment. Finally I convey My Thanks! for the Instructors for their super job and also for the American Center in Colombo and Specially for the University of Penssylvania.
It was interesting experience to try this course. I had known many new things about job-searching process in US in comparison with my country. All material from this course was easy to perceive. I didn't have any problem with English in this course, it was easy and understandably for non-native speakers like me. My level of English between B2-C1. I definitely recommend it for everyone especially for someone who thinks about job in US. Thanks to the authors!
Among many courses, English for Career Development is a course designed so carefully keeping the learners in mind. This is an excellent course if you are the  beginner and if English is not your mother tongue. If you are searching courses and feeling difficult to choose one, this is the best of the bests. Missing this course is missing blood in body in regard  to online courses. So I recommend you to involve without any delay.Krishna prasad prasainNepal
Thank you so much for this great course that increased my english knowledge,made me understand what are the employers views and what essential skills,hoit should be a correct resume,cover letter or interview that can help me get the job I want to apply for.Wish all of the team best of luck and I will definitely reccomend this amazing course to my friends,family and other people looking for a great solution to improve English for Career Development!
Hi!I enjoyed the activities involved in this Career Development course.I have to thank Robyn and Brian for their professional presentations. Also, mixing and alternating the content -text, videos, quiz, puzzles - helped to fix what has been presented. Great achievements, in a professional manner! I hope I will encounter many other interesting courses on the Coursera site!I recommend this site to all people interested to keep learning and active!
It was fun going through each part of the course and I learnt a lot from the course.Right from knowing the basic teminology used in job seeking to writing a resume  and cover letter followed by ways of networking to tips on presenting good interview to make a good first impression,the course is well built with every small detail required.Also presenting subtitles to videos helped the students like us who are not well versed with US english.
This is a course that even the most basic level speaker of English can easily comprehend and actually learn everything about finding employment. It takes you through all the baby steps until you can be finally ready to face an interview. A great help to people who have been out of the job market as well.I would like to thank the instructors for preparing such detailed lessons. Thank you so very much to everyone behind making this course.
I am wholeheartedly thankful to coursera management who gave us such an amazing online learning platform to gain our expected training programs and courses. And I must say that courses compilation is a magnificent and way of teaching is also excellent. I have interest in some other courses I hope so I will keep continuing  them soon, but currently, world is suffering from corona pandemic, I believe that soon we will overcome on it.
Hi!!! My name is Roberto Villena, I was born in
Mexico City and I graduated for Business Administration, the I got another specialization
in Economics, Finance, Risk Analysis and Marketing, for the course was very
interesting and useful even though I am retired, so now I play Golf, travel,
read and spent time with my family, but it is important to keep up dated, congratulation
for the course to the School and the Instructors.
It was a very enlightening period for me. Even with I am an HR and many things were known for me, I still got a lot of new tips about job seeking, in general, and as it is usual in the US. Good structure of the course, pleasant teachers, interesting tasks, supportive atmosphere in chats - all was good. Special gratitude for the possibility to check our classmates final works, this task really helps to remember more.
It is a really wonder course for knowing the information about the job-seeking procedures. If you are new at the job market then this course is for you to understand the difficulties  you'll face throughout the job-seeking processes and to know the right ways to overcome these difficulties. The instructors of this course are so much amazing to teach the whole process easily and perfectly. Hope you'll find the same.
English for Career Development- is one of the most fun and interesting course that will help every jobseekers and professionals to get a promotion or advancement in their career. It’s very well designed and explained in detail step by step to have an updated resume and cover letter , which are crucial tools for an interview. Thanks to the team for making such a well organized course and it was very helpful for me.
All the lectures were amazing and very easy to understand.I did many first times through this course.I wrote a resume, a cover letter, an interview. I did them for the first time in my life.I got good knowledge about them and in the future when I seek for a job this course will be really helpful. Really thank you a lot.Hope you will be able to do many courses like this and help students like me in the future too.
I'm grateful with the opportunity this course has offered me. It gives me new and better forms of knowledge of which I believe are very useful for future use. It doesn't only give me an opportunity to grow intellectually but also it gives me the chance to experience learning with people of different races from different places. That makes this course amazing and more interesting. Learning here is really fun.
best course ever i learned many new things in this course  to help my future and career.For the help of this course now i become a good job seeker and i able to write my resume and cover letter very effectively sufficiently. Thank you coursera to give me this opportunity and special thank to my respected teacher Mr.Brian McManus and Mrs.Robyn Turner who teaches with the behalf of University of Pennsylvania.
I think it is a wonderful course for people like me, trying to improve their English and  looking for a job abroad, because give you the silver lines needed for a foreigner with a  completely different job market habits. Also could be really good for people getting their resumes and cover letter ready to jump in the job market, even if they are Americans they can find useful tips to help them to succeeded.
it's a very good opportunity for me. the course content quality is very good and easy to understand. it's giving me flexible time for finishing this course. it's helped me in improving the English language skill, a better understanding of the job application process. it's also helping me to improve my communication skill. Thank You, Coursera for allowing me to learn from the University of Pennsylvania.
The course is designed very meticulously to meet the requirements of job seekers. It clearly explains different stages in job search process and how one can be successful in realizing their dream job in a globally challenged environment. I express my sincere thanks to Course Presenters for their knowledge and skills. I strongly recommend this course  for all who are interested in this specified domain.
I liked very much all the videos and activities. Now I will look for other courses in my area. Reading the name of this course I thought it would be more focused on learning English than on looking for a job, but I liked very much. I need to improve my English to write academic papers. I am not paying because the real in Brazil turns the dollar too expensive, but I enjoyed the course. Thank you.
I really enjoyed this challenge, and I recommend it to other people. I didn't find difficult things in this course, but I hope that you soon add more subtitles in different languages, because during first part of course I can saw translation the word that I didn't know, and during second part I can't. Also thanks  authors of these unites and wish you will be the best in your job. Good luck!
I am happy to have completed this course. It was very useful when it comes to thinking about the journey of looking for a job. Both teachers describe the posible situations you will encounter in the job application process and how you can cope with them successfully. If you arent sure about how to do a resume or what to answer at a job interview, I highly recommend you to take this course!
The instructors are very experienced and knowledgeable. The pace of the course is awesome that provides time for absorbing things. It deals with each aspect that an individual comes across while going for a job interview. I personally feel it was the right decision to invest time in this course. Lots of respects and thanks to Coursera, the Instructors, and The University of Pennsylvania.
This is a really useful course. It will teach you how to go through the job application process, from looking for a job to the final interview, passing through how to write a resume and a cover letter.It is focussed to the American market but it is totally valid to other countries, Ireland at least.There are lots of good recommendations.A must to take, no matter the industry you work on.
The overall course is good for a fresh graduate who wants to starts exploring job market because it gives a lot of insight on how to write resume, cover letter and interview process. And for more experienced job seeker, this course might acts as refreshment and additional knowledge on top of what they already experienced of. Recommended for fresh graduate or final-year college student.
I have learned a lot from this class. The schedule is reasonable and progressive. Firstly, it taught me how to write a resume and a cover letter. Secondly, it helped me practice making a networking elevator speech. Finally, it showed me how to ask and answer questions in a job interview. Thanks all the teachers for their hard work and I hope this course will benefit more students.
I really enjoyed the course ,as it gave me a different perspective. I like the method ,particular.The video,the quiz assignment. Review is a new method i came across. I really didn't  know that two types of resume.learned a lot about action verbs.I can keep writing of this course on and on.I like to do this course as a subject teacher.and I would recommend other to do this course.
I really had fun taking this course. Unlike others, I am someone who had several years of working experience already. I took this course as a refresher of some sort as I think I what I know about career development is already obsolete. I learned a lot here and I'm very happy to say that my resume looks way better now. The lessons in this course are very useful. Highly recommended.
This was an excellent course and I am glad and honored to have been offered the Scholarship for the Verified Course Certificate, in case this course is re-offered, I am going to suggest everyone to take the opportunity to go through this amazing course. Thanks to Coursera and the Course Instructors for their valuable time and effort to provide us with such resourceful knowledge.
It is very good course for people who are not speaking English as their first language. Lectures videos are really systematic and quiz are really amazing. I really appreciate this course which will help me to take care of my strengths and  weaknesses in my previous job searches.  In addition, it highlights the grammar points that I need to study in future. Thank you so much.
I loved this course and the way the isntructors address the importance of little details that can make a huge difference between getting or not a new dreamed job as the cover letter for example, and I loved the interview example videos, what to do, what not to do, how to propperly answer the questions the interviewer may ask you, in conclusion, how to ace any job interview.
The information in this online course are very significant to all people to enhance and develop their skills and our abilities to use it in a profitable ways and the content of all week are very concluded and full of learning in readings, quiz and lectures this the part which give us a certain knowledge as well as i am thankful to all staff which belong in this institution.
Thank you so much you gave me the course based on  financial aid it's amazing and i personally all video contatins like it's wonder and i share my coursera experience also  i said you join and learn new things and courses it's really amazing and good today i finished my this course it's totally good and if you are job seeker so must learn this course it's really important.
The course is amazing! Congratulations on the course! And thanks so much because it's free! I'm from Brazil and I'm searching for a job here. The process to search for a job here is similar to the US and I could learn a lot of things about what I should or shouldn't do in this process. I could improve my English too and, for me, it's something very important for my career.
i do not know what i say because there is nothing to describe this course ,it is very perfect and i pleased my beautiful teachers in this course i will love you forever .  thank you yours,                                                                                                                                                                            mayar kamal
I would like to give a complete 5 because of his friendly content and teaching method. Some of things that I liked most are..• Sudden Come Up of single question between a video lecture • Games and Assismemts assisted me to review what I have understood• Special Thanks to both instructors. They are sweet and made my learning effortless by making topic simple and easy :)
One of the best course and thank to all. It is the very useful course for learning, this course is well designed and the language is very simple. This course provides reading lessons, quizs, games, question answers and also the main part for the better understanding videos. I get to know about the job search process and how to stand out from the job seekers crowd.
I can't express my great feeling throughout this course ! How much I learned and how much things I found out from this course. Sincerly, It help me a lot to build a strong career in my field. It worth and deserve all amazing feedback.I did it for free, but I promise you I will repay it later. Because it merit all kind of support.Thank you a lot for this BIG Gift
I really enjoyed going through this course and listening to the perfect speech of the American teachers. The course itself was full of useful materials, as well as it was quite entertaining! I had a good laugh when watching a sample job interview with interviewee 1. I want to thank the teachers and those who took part in developing of this course! It was great!
It was my first  one in coursera. I loved it  because they have a lot of manners to teach and reforce the learner. There's a lot of information about  the steps that involves from composing a better and clearer resume until you even create more consistency of your capabilities. They also refresh your mind about the job market,  updating you.  #THANKS for all!!!
I loved this course! Now I feel more confident in looking for a job process, writing the good resume and job interview behavior. I haven't known many things and this course helped me to prioritize my qualifications and skills according to the different job descriptions. I do advise people to take this course especially if they want to seek for a job in the US.
This is the first course I took on Coursera. The teaching pedagogy is very much practical and is fun with quizzes and real time experiences. To be honest, I've now known the value of details in my work. The instructors are really great, Love you guys for the work that you have done. Looking forward to next course and would definitely recommend my friends here.
Very useful to improve our personality. In this course we have learned about how to write resume with explanations, how to write cover letter and how to face interview I such a formal and polite way with their interviewer. At the end thank you very much coursera and our renowned mentors, I hope we might meet again with the help of these type of nice courses.
"English for career Development" helps me job search process of how to  write professional resume and cover letter and  applying for job and how to networking people to find jobs as much as Finally how to attend interview to be professional. overview of mine about my career improvement Thanks for Coursera community and course person for improving our life...
it's a great course for anyone. The course helps me learn new things about career, know more about how to identify my skills, how to make connection with people in my area, how to make a impressive resume, coverletter and apply for a future job, etc. Thank both of dedicated teachers. Hope you have a great life and have more interesting, valuable courses.
I thoroughly believe that the knowledge gained by this course "English for Career Development" offered by the University of Pennsylvania will be really helpful for my future career development and to polish my English usage in day to day life especially as a non-native speaker of English. So finally I would really gratitude for you to offer this course.
I have A lot of skills, I learned how to introduce my self and market for her on writing an effective resume,and a perfect cover letter.I learned what is the meaning of networking and how to deal with to gain a job opportunity. Finally I learned how to deal in the interview also what my rights during the interview, also what to do and don't during it.
For the first time in 10 years, I was able to create a one-page resume. I have been using 3 to 4 pages resume and I was never confident if I was doing it right. I am so grateful to University of Pennsylvania for providing us this comprehensive course that will lead our road to success. Special thanks to our two knowledgeable teachers! Till next time!
Thank you so much Coursera and the University of Pennsylvania for this opportunity. I have learned so many things and this will all greatly benefit my career. This is life-changing for me. You provide opportunities. You provide opportunities for people like me (a PWD because of Cancer). Thank you so much. This will definitely help improve my resume.
Great gratitude for such useful course, I had failed some interviews in the past and I wasn't understanding why. I thought it was unfairly. But now I got it. There were my failures. And in the future, I would be prepared job seeker and I would present my qualification from the best side. And I would be more professional during all employment cycle.
Great course for anyone who wants to better understand hiring process in United States and have difficulties in understanding cultural, ethical or some legal aspects.  Thank you for the chapter regarding illegal questions on the interview in US, i opened that heard so many of them over past years and i'm happy i now learned how to deal with it.
I´ve learnt the proccess to get a good chance to enter to workworld knowing the different strategies that employers use to hire employees. In this course you´re going to learn how can you do a resume, cover letter and a very well job interview. Also you will be able to enter in a networking. It was a really good experience and I recommend it.
This cource is especially good for the people, who have not a lot experience with the job seeking process, and also for them, who seeked a job last time a long ago.  Also it will be very helpful for them, who is learning englisch right now and did not reach the upper levels in that. Thank coursera for this opportunity, I'm glad you're exists!
Nice course!I really enjoyed this course, I learnt so many new things and I feel more confident to apply for a job.
One of my life goals is to work in a International company and this course was excellent to have a general idea of how different is applying for a job in other countries. Besides, I learnt quiet more vocabulary that I expected.
It is a very nice course I have learned lots. I want to thanks especially, my mentors who provide me, classes, online. through videos, readings, and practice exercises the Coursera website.  Thank you very much, Sir and Madam, Coursera and the UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA,  Design a very good course for us.Yours Sincerely Rajesh Lal from INDIA
This course helped me to develop knowledge about the job search in the united states and how to create my resume to bring a good first impression as well as the cover letter.  This course also helped me to feel confident using elevator speech to introduce my self in events.  Thanks to the teachers for the way that they present each lesson.
This course " English for Career Development helped me learn various important topics about how to be successful in Career. It helped me know my strengths and weaknesses. how can I write a proper Resume and cover letter . and I also learned how to face an Interview. This course was very useful and the knowledge it gave me is really helpful
Simple English, using 1.5 speed to finish the videos is better for me, the course goes thought basics of job finding step, very clear and helpful for a beginner! I would say these knowledge are the MUST knew ones when finding a job. It also makes me more confident after the course. Thank you. Wish all the job seeker find their ideal jobs!
it was a very useful experience. I have learned a lot of skills such as writing my own resume, a cover letter, how to overcome my fear about the interview, how to be an organized person in my interview. I'm already searching for a career and have sent my cv to some companies. thanks for that course I have known what is a resume basically.
Hello, I want to send my congratulations and gratefulness to the teachers: Robyn Turner and Brian McManus, as well as to the tecnical team whose amaizing work makes possible the offer of this course. This is my first course in coursera, I enjoyed it a lot and learned many usefull things taht are helping in develop my career. Thanks a lot.
Dear SirI
am Madhavaiah U from India. I train graduates on Soft skills modules. At the
outset, I extend my heartfelt regards to you all for designing and
developing such a great course. The course has been a great source for upskilling. I like the most the way
you have designed the assignments.Love
to be in touch with you Thanking
you.
5 star course! Very good course. Starting with mentors, very nice. Selected materials, presentation, are very well synthesized. By the way, if you fell from Mars today, tomorrow you followed the course, in 2 days you will be able to apply for a job on Earth. Why? It gives you those little guidelines that make the difference. Success.
This is both a best way to advertise yourself when looking for a job and a great opportunity to summarize your own career path and achievements for planning further career growth. I express my gratitude to the creators, teachers and moderators of this course! My special thanks to the University of Pennsylvania and Coursera! See you!
I started by knowing nothing and the English for Career Development course contribute me to improve my English skills, learning American cultures, and also the process of job applications. This course provided any levels of English, basic and advanced level which suit every learner. This is one of the most wonderful course ever.
Thank yo so much. I have learned a lot from this course. Now I know exactly how to make my own resume and cover letter appropriately under U.S standard. On top of that, I have learned the proper words, that I should and shouldn't have said on an interview and in a networking. Again, thank you so much from the bottom of my heart!
I was not fully convinced about the on-line course efficiency. Day-by-day I lost this kind of bias and more I learnt more I enjoyed this course. Now I have completed it, I think I have acquired an higher confidence both on the job interview path and with my English skills. I am seriously wondering to start a new on-line course.
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this course to complete my CV in English to the area of Data Science.   The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.Jose Antonio
Although I'm not new to applying for job and going though job searching process, but I still learnt a lot in this course, as well as getting useful example for resume and cover letter and how to better prepare for job interviews. The instructors are really helpful and tackle the questions in my mind for a long time. Thank you.
It was very informative English language course. In this Pandemic, I really appreciate to the organizer who work very  hard for this course. I learnt to write good résumé and appropriate interview skills. I really enjoyed to do short assignments and review the other learners. Thank you for the team who did great effort on it.
I have learned a very useful knowledge from this course especially about Resume Writing/ Elevator Speech and interview skills tips.  This is beneficial course for every students/ job seekers and should undergo with this course to learn effective tips. Thank you to the course instructors for presenting it in a wonderful way.
This is my first online course and my lucky it's free and of course without the certificate. And very thankful for this course. I think they both is good instructor. I can listen their speak with clearly. With this course I can not the difference of resume, CV and cover letter.  But for the grammar maybe I still need learn.
Excellent, this is my first online course, and I am very impressed because I thoguhg that wil be more difficult to learn, but I was mystake, I learned everything, the Teachers are highly qualified. Congratulations this is a very intersting and practical course. Thank you Teachers I love your enthusiasm and professionalism.
I already have 6 years of experience and I took this course to know the new things that I should do s I am looking for a new opportunity and you gave me a lot of information specially about cover letter and elevator speech.Thank you very much and I may use some materials to guide the new grads who are looking for a job. :)
Really it is a wonderful course for the beginners and for the experience people.  It is really helpful for the people who are changing their career and searching for a new job.It is covering each and every point with detailed explanation. It is very interesting course.I really enjoyed a lot and Thank you for your support.
This course has been very useful when mastering the skill needed to begin the job path in all stages. From looking for an occupation, writing your resume, writing a cover letter and finally facing an interview. There is no away for not succeding with the handy tools you give here. It relly worth and I highly recommend it.
This a wonderfoul course, it helps you so much to improve your English and also allows you to know more about the job search process and how to be ready when you are about to get started with it. I must say it has amazing activities too that make this course dynamic and creative as they include games and more. Excellent!
I enrolled in Cosera for the first time.  It was a very interesting and faithful lecture beyond expectations. They explained very clearly.  The video, simple questions, tests, quizzes, and the system of scoring each other's colleagues were very exciting.  Thank you very much for Cosera's excellent educational program.
This course has helped me gain a lot as regarding the Job search process in various part of the world.I didn't apply for financial aid at the start of this course though, now i have finished the course and i don't know if i can still get a financial aid to get a certificate as i cannot currently afford to pay for it.
I thought the course gives a free certificate, I was hoping for some certificate of acknowledgement :)) but no... anyhow, it was a good course. I tried to pay but it does not accept any payments from China unless its a visa card. Why does courser say the course cost 200RMB if they don't accept payments from China?
It was well paced and the instructors were very friendly doing their presentations on video. One slide had a grammar error (its). Since this is an English course with emphasis on language, it would be important to review that. You should do these courses more often. Please hire me for ESL courses :)Great classes!
First of all, I do thank you for this great course. This course really helped to widen my horizons in the job-search process. By the other hand, thanks to your course I learned new words and very useful English phrases. I this course really helpful and useful and recommend it to everyone who starts to find a job.
This course has been a very helpful guide to my job application process. I now have a clear understanding of how a resume and how a cover letter should look like. Furthermore this course has taught me elevator speech tricks for networking; what information should be given, to make it brief, clear, and powerful.
The course was well structured and provided inputs for essential for job search, resume writing and facing interviews.The content was easy to understand as the facilitators were very good in driving the point home.The tasks, quizzes and assignments were challenging and also easy due to the instruction provided.
this Course helped me, to applied the Proper terms in a Correct Format, and understand the behavior that a Job Seeker is required to Have, Thanks very Much Penn University and both Instructors. Yet also Appreciate Coursera for Putting Together such an easy platform for a Person to Learn.  Regards,Sebastiao Sala
This course is a must for job seekers. With my experience, this had given me a lot of information and honed my skills in English for developing my career. Thank you so much to the Coursera community, especially to the University of Pennsylvania and to our remarkable teachers- Mr. Brian McManus and Robyn Turner.
I find this course interesting, easy and a great way to improve your English if you're not a native American. Otherways I recommend it to people who didn't have jobs or are looking for his 1st job because it helps you to understand the selection process and give you many tips to get the job you're looking for.
i had a great experience learning the course, all the sources including articles, games, quizzes and videos provided me a better understanding of the course and how the industry and job search process exactly works. A big thanks to our instructor Robyn Turner,  Brian Mcmanus and Coursera. # KNOWLEDGE IS POWER.
It is really wonderful to know, how is the process in the US for Jobseekers, and how to prepare a great resume, and how to highlight my skills and qualifications with a proper cover letter, learn about small talk, and elevator speech, and the Do's and dont's in an interview. Really good experience. .Thank you
Actually, i have attended various courses in the title of improving professional skills but i can say this with great confidence that this course is unique and unquestionable. It really helped me improve my English skills along with professional skills.Thanks alot my dearer instructors and at all coursera.👍
Hello everyone,Today I want to share with you my own experience in this course, It was a great opportunity to grow myself and improve my skills and knowlegde this course is too complete have the necessary information and capacity of the teachersto facilitate your learning. Luck next students.YOU  CAN DO IT.
It is totally incredible . People who are afraid of speaking English , even to whom English is not so understanding easily . The way it helps anyone who is may be weak before English is gonna be Native English speaker . I'd like to thank Wharton , University of Pennysylvania . Special Thanks to Coursera .
This is a great course, i have learned a lot. It provided the opportunity to know the difference between resume and cover letter. I am very confident that my next job application will be a success because i have the necessary skills and knowledge on how to conduct and prepare myself for a job interview.
It is an extraordinary course. You have a lot of informations about the job search process in USA and the ways you must act and to in order to stand out. You also learn about skills and ways to discovery yours. You learn the content and practice at the same time, it is very dinamic. I loved the course!
Course structure, content, Speaker, Resources are awesome. I learned many things which will indirectly impact on us. Thank you very much for such a beautiful and very helpful Course. I would like to tell that if You can add more quiz and reading stuff for practicing and reading than it will be perfect.
I have a learned lot in this Career Development from making a resume, cover letter, elevator speech and to answering an interview questions this helps me a lot because I am just a college student and that one day I will be able to apply this understandings I learned in this course. Thank you coursera.
Thank you for learning to create a site. I have learned a lot from this course. I have been able to acquire many skills. I have learned a professional Cv, former letter, manners, English speaking, vocabulary, and huge part of english. I have learned very well that I have to attend the job interview.
I thought the class was very beneficial to students from foreign countries.  I'm sure it put a lot of them, who were nervous, at ease.  Also the fact that they could take this course without charge is so beneficial.  I commend the Professors for a job well done.Sincerely,      Christopher J. Heiland
I have to be grateful to the University of Pennsilvania, Coursera, because I achieve my first on line course. And my special thanks to the teachers, thank you very much. I realize my mistakes, and now I feel more confident and prepare to face my job search and future interviews.  THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I have enjoyed this course to the fullest. One must do this course if one is not sure about facing an interview and how to deal with it. I would like to thank both the instructors of this course who made us understand so well about the job market, networking and facing an interview. Thanks a lot.
I want to thank you Coursera for the course and that it was free of charge. Then I want to thank you University of Philadelphia and the teachers, Ms. Turner and Mr. McManus, well prepared, professional and clear in their explanation. The course was well structured and organized. Thank you again.
I'm very exited because I finish this course well. I hope that everyone has the same experience. and I hope that all my classmate have completed this course successfully.This is very important course for me because it help me discovering my skills. Thank you everybody.Good luck and good courage
It was uncredible to finish my course, I learned a lot. I couldn't imagine wide knowledge doing this course I'd enjoy so much. I can hardly wait to start the next one. No words to describe such a great quality, Congratulations from me and also from all my friends and mates that are doing too!
Eminently helpful! I've finally found a source which helped me to create my resume, CL and elevator speech! My English level is higher than Intermediate, so I had no problems with completing the course - all materials are presented very well, all video and audio have high quality! Thank you!
For my learning,it was fully interested with english videos with quiz and example.Easy to understand for improving english writing skills ( cover letter & resume) & got idea with speaking  interview tips(do & do'nt).Thank you very much and i wanted to learn more from Coursera Website course.
Step by step with practice assignments I see the progress in my written English when compared previous work with the final one. And it wasn't difficult, it was easy to do. As a result I got 1 interview after completing the course. So all recommendations here work in real life! Thanks a lot!
This course  was Great! I learned a lot, improved my English. The teachers are Excellent!  They  explained the course material so easily and clearly! I am  really thank the teachers and the whole team of this course. Thank you for taking this course, I was very interesting and informative!
It was a  very interesting experience that helped me perform my english level. The same time to fix some knowledge I learned once in early this year such as writing an English cover letter and a resume. It helped me get new skills like networking and make myself visible in social medias.
This is a very useful and professional course. It helped me a lot during the process of finding a new job. And the two professors are very kind and considerate. They teach in as simple English as possible. This enable us (foreign students) understand the course better. Thanks very much.
This is really helpful for a fresh graduate and non English native speaker like me. The concept of peer review assignment is also very good, because we can receive feedback from other people, so we can know our limitation and get ride of it. For a free course, this is totally worth it.
The structure of the course was simple and easy to follow.  time requirements were moderate and simple.  one should take more courses like this since they provide experience and make us understand situations and cultural differences in an easy way.  Thank you so much for your input!!!
I liked the way of teaching as well as the way of how the quizzes were introduced to us . I think its the best way by which quality Education can be delivered to any student throughout the world. And a big Thanks to "university of Pennsylvania " as they created a easy way of learning.
I learned a lot from the professors and instructors of UPenn. I believe, with what I learned from this course, I can be able to compete with other applicants as this course helped me to build foundation skills of career development. Thank you University of Pennsylvania and Coursera!
I would like to extend my appreciation from this huge course . I really appreciation it , and beside that this course has been amazing and informative especial for myself ,   I have got many useful things as well as it make me able to face with any problems ,this course is tap notch
Thank you for your wonderful learning experience.
The English spoken by the two teachers is very easy to hear,
I was able to learn in a familiar, fun and game-like way.
It was a very good rehabilitation for me who was away from English.
I would like to continue to enjoy learning.
It is a great platform to learn about something and obtain a great skill. I am very greatful to the entire team.  They  teach in the easiest way and very make the concepts clear.  It would be great if the certificates are free for them who can not effort to purchase . Thank you.
It was great course.I am happy that i decided to enroll for this course.It gives you the steps of getting a job very efficiently.The quizzes and puzzles motivated me to stay focussed and helped to move ahead.They give you the samples so that we can clearly understand what to do.
Thank you for this course. When I look back at my old resume, I can't believe I ever got a job using it. This new and improved resume is great, and I feel so much more confident handing it out to employers. Thank you for all the helpful tips, they will definitely come in handy.
I really liked it. I learned English when I was young. So the course helped me to remember a lot of things and the most important thing: learn new ones. In the end I learned how to write my resume, cover letter, apply for a job and behave during a job interview. Thanks a lot!
It is very good course and helps in ways to prepare professional resume , cover letter . One also learn about Building professional relationship , gain knowledge about an elevator speech and small talk. Also gain knowledge about Interview preparedness etc...... fine course.
Although this course is mostly aimed for intermediate level English speakers, it was very helpful for me. It taught me about details on resumes and cover letters that I never would have learned by myself, and I am sure it will have a good impact on my job search and career.
Though the overall length of this course is a bit long, the different parts are well designed and conducted. The various quiz and games are very useful to help learners absorb all the concepts and key points. I really benefit a great deal. Thanks a lot and congratulations!
This course helped me a lot as a career counselor to advise students seeking for job opportunities in the United States. I definitely recommend it to anyone who wishes to find a job in the English-speaking country. I think it's general but applicable to a lot of countries.
Excellent!! I learnt many things i did not know. And i appreciate a lot the way how the instructors explain each subject over all  because they speak not so far and that let us (intermediate students) understand what are they talking about!! Merci beaucoup et bon jour!! :)
This course could not only give you some ideas about how you should look for a job but also you could learn about the vision of employers, it is very helpful if you want to present a good resume and if you are looking for your first job of course that you will find in it.
This course is very useful, not only for all the jobs seekers, but also for HR people. Good balance between grammar and vocabulary, nice lecturers. Videos with an examples what to do and what not to do during the job interview are not only helpful, but also very funny :)
Best course ever. I learned so many important things for my professional life. This course helps to avoid feeling uncomfortable in the interview. This course guided to us to face any interview confidently. As well are both of resource persons are reached well. Thank You.
This contains so much learning. It was full of very useful lessons that made me learn so much. I am a teacher but there was more to learn in this course and I am so grateful that this MOOC gave me an opportunity to learn more about career development. Thank you so much!
I understand it very clearly with examples and sample questions for each and every unit..ilby watching the videos in the middle of that they can ask the questions  if we are listening are not..totally I was learn   most from the English for my career development course
It is an excellent course and through this course I was able to improve my resume and cover letter. Videos about elevator speech and job interviews were very helpful. I truly hope this course "English for Career Development " open new doors of job opportunities for me.
I enjoyed this course very much. The instructors were very good at their job. The entire course was well designed and the lectures were easy to follow. I also learned many new things. This course also helped me to brush up my English communication and interview skills.
I learn many new and interesting things in this course. They teach us very well and I prefer to all students who will complete their studies or completed to do this course for the best job opportunity.Thank you so much coursera team. Wish you more progress for future.
The course is very good and detailed. I'm an experienced professional and still had learned many new things in this course, which would help everyone like me to looking for next level in their carrier. Thanks for putting this course and my sincere Thanks to the Team.
Dear Teachers,I truly enjoy the course "English for Career Development". It was my first on-line course that I decided to take. It was clear, specific, clear goals, appropriate materials, questions, quizzes and good technical support.Thank you very much,Larisa Jenson
I am so glad that I took up this course. The course provides you with all the basic knowledge or information that you need to have before you start applying for a job. The instructors have done a wonderful job in conveying the messages with utmost clarity. Loved it.
This is very much helpful especially to the student who want to apply or search a job. They can make a perfect start up of marketing themselves to the employer. For those who had already a career/job, it can help them refresh or updates their profile for future use.
This is course has been a great learning and improving skills and I hope it has been the same for my other peers.This is one of the best online courses I have ever had and I recommended for those who want to take a giant leap in their career.I give stars and more !
After completion of this course I got scattered information about resume structured. It will be interesting for people of different level and specialties who want to build a successful career. I hope to find such a good course about European variant of resume - CV.
This course was very informative, well structured and with plenty of examples and exercises for the students. I learned a lot of things about the job search, applying and interviews in America and I hope my knowledge will help me in the future to find a better job.
Excellent course. I do recommend it. Specially both instructors. I love the way both of them make their self clear at every slide. Also their body language , very assertive and effective. Thank you, so much. I do appreciate your support.Best Regards,Orlando Jayes
By this course, People can learn a lot of enormous knowledge about writing resume, cover letter and facing interview to cope with the adverse situation in job field. I learn a lot a things by doing this course and can do work in better ways to face my job field.
This an overwhelming experience. I appreciate that there has never been a compromise on quality. Video lectures and assignments have been really very useful. I increased my general awareness too through the content shared during the course. Strongly recommended.
This course is really wonderful for the job seekers. Grammar is also kept to the level of Job interviews and not dragged with useless videos. I am happy that I learned plenty of things like writing a cover letter and answering a few typical interview questions.
Too many most important things I learned about English Career Development and it made me understood everything I learned. I believe by this course, I will get the best job in my future endeavors. Thank you Coursera, Thank You for The University of Pennsylvania.
I loved being part of this course! I wanted to have this course because I wanted to know how to process of Job Searching works in the United States, the country of my dreams! Now I know how it works and how I can be prepared to a new job opportunity. Thank you!
Unit 1: Assessment 2: Comparison of the Job Search Process. There is not chance for written answer. My video camera failed in my lap top. I will try to send from my phone. That is my point without solving. I finished all units. Thank you. Jairo Vicente Delgado.
The course deals well with the main topics it offers, I was able to complement my knowledge of English and I was able to better understand certain things in which I had doubts. I have already recommended this course to my friends. Thank you for this good work.
Well designed course, i received proper idea to face future job interviews from preparing resume to attending interview. Also learned how to utilize the skill of language proficiency in English to success to process. Appreciation to American Center - Colombo
It is a very good course that helps you structure your resume your cover letter. teaches you grammar tips to be able to structure these documents in the best way, covers all stages of the hiring process and how you should spend in each one very good course
I really like the course, each video was very clear and descriptive in order to understand each topic. The examples were helpful to create my own resume and cover letter. I have an idea what should be to have a interview. What to do and don't.  Thank you!
Thank you for such a precious opportunity!! I have had different experiences in my resume and went through many interviews, nevertheless the information was useful and new for me. Video hometasks is a taugh thing but it is make a big sense! Thank you!!!!
Excellent all program helped me to improve my English skills. thank you and I wonder if possible for the next courses take contact via cellphone  or internet to finish interview with the instructor I think it would be a good way to assess the students .
I would like to tell that it is the best course to learn some skills which are necessary to learn for the job-seeking process. this course helps me to make my rasume and cover letter more attractive. also tells some useful techniques for the interview.
It was really amazing!! Before joining the course I was very unprofessional and doesn't know many things about career development and professional talking. By the end of this course, I'm well confident now to decide what's right for my future goals...
It was an amazing experience, very rich of new information that is very crucial and valuable, also givning important examples and clarifications, great performance by the instructors. I really loved having enrolled in this course Thank you very much.
I was very happy to study these courses. this course helps me to understand the interview process in the U.S.A because Thank you So Much for All of those involved in this course. especially Google to find such a great course. again thank you so much.
great course, taught by a great professors, this course helped me a lot for improving my English skills, and also for been more professional at Job search process from writing resume and cover letter to doing the Job interview, thanks for this effort
Excelent!!!   very good teachers, the way they transmit all their knowledge, the way to speak that makes themself understood. a clear, direct and very complete course for the labor industry. thank you for make me feel so comfortable i learned a lot.
Very interesting, I learned many tips that will surely be useful in new job searches , I identified and I could enrich myself whit new words in english .I only have to thanks  the possibility of taking the course ,a cordial greating and again thanks
It's one of the best courses I've ever passed. This course fits to any English level and it's perfect. The course consists lots of useful information that I've already started to keep and use it in my life! Thank you very much for such perfect job!
I apreciated to participate in this Mooc, it changed a lot of my ideas about many aspects about learning  human great career potentials, and added new and important english development and job hunt techniques.Big Thanks for the teams' great efforts
Thanks to Coursera team And provide me best opportunity to learn English skillIn this course I learnt Resume writing, cover letter writing, Networking elevator speech writing , Interviewing and Entering the job market.Again Ithank to Coursera team
English for Career Development is a well organized career development course. I would recommend this course to everyone, including those, who have completed their education in the English medium and also to those, who are good at learning English.
This course has taught me very well about developing my career skills. I highly encourage everyone to also take this course and learn what I've learned. To my teachers and classmates, thank you so much. I couldn't have done this without your help.
A must attend course ever on coursera. It covers almost all essentials of job related credentials. no matter at what level you are, you should join and go through it. Because it covers a vast area of job related learning. Found it very effective.
Very good course and useful i learned how to search for job and how to write resume and cover latter to the interviewer and how to prepar to the interview and this course given me more vocablery about job terminology and give me more confidanc.
I learned a lot and acquired great knowledge it was a nice experience to do this course English for Career DevelopmentI have more knowledge, wisdom, and understanding   than beforegreat instructors throughout the course.it was a nice experience
I will post about this course in social media and send it to my friends and people like me who are interested in this course and many courses in cousrea and i know that most people will accept my idea and love to get Certificates from coursera.
Thanks a lot maam and sir really it was a great lesson to study. i have learned a lot regarding job seekers , hoe they can upgrade themselves while finding jobs , hoe they can  write coverletter and resumes to express their skils and many more
Hello I'm Adam Ben Yousef from Libya I'd like to thank you all for everything you did for me and helping me it was very helpful from me and my family now I have finding good job using everything I have learned from this course. Thank You again
Thanks to all of you!It is the first time I have completed an online course. I appreciate the way coursera delivers the course and the motivation of the instructors. This week I will take another English courseOnce again, thank you very much!
I really get a quality information from this course and recommend for everyone who's searching for a job. This course helps for the job seeker in writing a quality resume and an awesome cover letter. This course provide important information.
This course is very help full, due to it is focused on Process Development for some one who is looking for a New Job.  All the videos and explanations are very clear and understandable.Thanks to Robyn and Brian by their dedication and effort.
The course English for Career Development is excellent. I think the teachers were very helpful, I understood the exercises and I could share my work experience with other students. Thanks for the opportunity to join the course. Best, Lygia H
Very good, great learning, good to navigate, good instructors, excellent videos, reports that were presented.
Very good tests, ways to evaluate, evaluate colleagues and receive their evaluation. Very well programmed and prepared this course.
It has been a rare opportunity undertaking an online English for Career Development Course at the University of Pennsylvania. A lot of skills have been impacted on me through tutorials. I thank my teachers, Mr. Brian and colleague. Thank you
I really enjoyed going through the modules. I think it would help my career if I would have being issued with a certificate of completion as evidence. I cannot afford payment for the course. I enrolled because it was pitch as a free course.
The course is very well designed, the instructors are clear, fun, and engaging. The animations add up to keeping the student interested while simultaneously explaining facts that will hardly be forgotten after such presentation. I loved it!
Hello everyone, Good morning I have just successfully completed this course but I would love to have my certificate could anyone help me to get my certificate please. Thank you so much for this great opportunity. Best Regards Bini Shrestha
This course is so wonderful . I have learned so many things from this course like how to write a resume and cover letter and also I have learned that how we should  prepare for an interview  thank you so much for organizing this course🙂😇
It is an excellent course which provides valuable tips for job seekers. The course is dynamic and challenging. The topics are well-organized, fluent and friendly.  I highly recommend to take this course to improve your job seeking skills.
I really enjoyed each section of the course. How to create a resume, designing a cover letter and be prepared for an interview are key information in the market nowadays. The instructors are just the  best. I fully recommend this course.
Very informative course for career development. Understandable explanation and teaching. Especially teachers are smiling at all the time with sincere face. I am lucky person for learning this course. Once again, thank you for everything.
I have enjoyed a lot. I have learned to write effective resume, cover letter. If we want to explain about ourself then with the help of elevator pitch, we can explain. If we are going to any interview,the DOS and don'ts of the interview.
Cousera help me a lot for developing my skills in communication and understanding as well as on how to find a certain job as connected to my skills and abilities as it is very effective institution for people in seeking a job.Thank you,.
This course is quite helpful for a beginner as well as who wants to transition to a new job. The instructors are fabulous, and the content is quite impressive. Golden point instructions, appreciable efforts are achieved by the creators.
It really open my eyes to many sights that I've never knew about , Thank you for making it simple and easy for everyone with great amount of information to take notes of .. I was really glad for this enjoyable journey .. Thank you again
This is one of the best course I have found about career development & importance of english language. It helps me learned about job search process, how to write resume & cover letter & most importantly how to ananwser a job interview.
I really enjoyed this course. It's such a helpful, simple, and easy to understand course. I hope other people will enjoy this course as much as I did. And I would reccomend this course to people who need guidance on career development.
Absorbed extremely insightful and valuable ideas and methods .  The course is very useful and practical.Engaging content and excellent pace.breadth course—and even more so from a MOOC like this . Salute to the designer of this course.
This course is comprehensive and useful. The friendly and easy understanding video and reading articles helped me much to know about the employment process in the US. Now I am very confident to apply for some new positions I targeted.
I will really appreciate  your hard work  that you are giving to us, it was a wonderful course. i learned a lot of things , first it was a challenge for my  English level and try to begin study online.Must appreciate it  , Than you :)
Congratulations, one of the best course I've ever made so far. Very objective and useful for job seekers. Very good technical background presented  by the instructors. Now i am prepared to participate in a interview and be successful.
It is the best course to do when someone want to develop their career.  The instructors are really good and the way they make you understand course is outstanding . I am really happy and recommend this course to everyone. Thank you !
Very useful and informative content and I really enjoyed learning and the instructor's way of teaching is impressive and excellent so I could say I was completely engaged in learning and I so enjoy the last week's Interview videos.
Thank you dear coursera team. It was a pretty impressive 3 weeks to deal with this brilliant course. I`m very glad and eager to join other courses in the future again. Good luck and impatiently waiting for taking other courses too.
This course is very useful, after that I find out , I don't pay attention to my skills.l understand what kind of skill we need to get the job. both teachers very friendly and patient. They teach very carefully and simply. Thank you
The videos were very clear and all prepared. The Teachers spoken with good rythm, so I could  understand all they speak without closecaption. And finally the content of the course was very interesting, I learn a Lot. Thanks a Lot.
Very intersting, I really improve my english skills. They take me may hints about acting in interviews job, how improve my resume, cover letter. They have a lot of good readings that help us with important sources and information.
I don't have money to pay for certificate.I have completed English for Career Development project successfully.I am sponsored by Kommurl Pratap Reddy Institute ofTechnology.Kindly issue the certificate without payment.Thank you.
The course is very simple, both in it's language and it's content. I was looking for maybe a more complete and complex course, but, anyway I think it helped me on the job looking process and on filling another line on my resumé.
This course is really an excellent,will definitely improve our  communication and writing skills.You will definitely be a changed person if you attend an interview after completing this course,compared to you before the course.
I have learned about the process of looking for a job in the United States, from doing the resume and cover letter to how to handle myself in a job interview even how to deal with a possible encounter with a potential employer
It was my pleasure to participate in such an interesting course. I'd like to thank the speakers and all the staff who were involved in making this 5-week course. Thank you for the new knowledge, new experience, and new skills!
Thanks a lot!!I have learned a lot from this course. Highly recommend those who still struggle for finding jobs now.This course could help you know the basic knowledge of the process!!Stay positive and stay healthy.Good luck!
This course help a lot for a recently graduated or some one who looking for job. I learned how to write a good resume, English grammar, how used formal words in my cover letter and some situation do's and don'ts of interview.
I am very happy to say that I learned lot of concept as well as very confident to face coming in interaction with my colleagues and my students. Thanks to my mentor which give me lots of motivations. This course is very good.
Thanks a lot. The  course is very useful and very well organized. Every section and tasks are clear. This is my second online course by University of Pennsylvania and I'm very thankful to all who are working in these courses.
This is a very helpful course because it helped me found out so many mistakes I made in my resume and cover letter which I didn't get to notice until after I took this course. Special thanks to the instructors of this course
The course helped me to listen and to understand spoken English. I love American English, especially your  "r"!  I have relatives in The USA and I am going to visit them in April this year. Thank you very much for your help!
I loved the course. I learned so much about the job search process and everything it involves and I am in a better position to apply for a job and head over to an interview confidently all thanks to this course. Thank you.
It can help a lot for us as a student because we gave  you us an idea on what we will do when doing an resume, cover letter and how we can answer properly in the interview. Also, this course enhances our english speaking.
The course was completely amazing for me and I learned a lot from the course. Honestly I'm changing my resume, cover letter & questions & answers and so on... Thanks a lot my course designer Brian McManus & Robyn Turner.
I have learnt a lot of new topics from this course. And now I am more flexible and comfortable with my English accent. The lectures felt so friendly, encouraging to me. Thank a lot Coursera for this wonderful experience.
it was really awesome and helpful to undergo this course and listen to the lectures of the polite teachers. I feel myself in a better position now and can apply and go for a job interview with aplomb. thank you so much
Very simple, and helpful course. the course material is not only interactive, but also educational and enjoyable. starting from points A to point Z, I believe this is the course to go to when I need to apply for a job.
I loved the course, it was very interesting and helped me to redo my resume and cover letter in  a better way. Now, I'm ready to apply for a job and do interviews. A special thanks to the teachers.Thank you Coursera !
It is the best career training course I have ever take, It is clear, simple and efficient. I have learned active verb, elevator speech etc. many useful tools.  It helps me a lot at difficulty time. Thank you so much.!
There are a lot of content to study. I can continue to do exercises, but it's fun.  In that case someone else review or to let us review other people's homework Should not set a minimum or limit the review of homework
This course was excellent. At the beginning, I was afraid of taking an online International course, after all, my English is not as good as I would like it to be, but all the material and mainly the videos were great.
It is an excellent course, highly recommended for anyone who wants to improve their professional profile and how to present themselves to a potential employer.  The course provides you with invaluable practical tools.
Well trained proffesor are ready to teach.And I thank to the both proffesorers who taught me how to bulid a secure career I learnt a new topic that networking and I think networking will help in my career development
I would like to thank each and every member of your team for this amazing course. Not only I learned many things from this course but also I got to know how can I avoid some very common mistakes. Really nice lessons.
Thanks a lot to give me the opportunity to improve my abilities as a job seeker.  In addition, to practice my favorite language: English. And do it in a free way. Thanks again.S i n c e r e l y Maximino Pazos Méndez
Thank you so much for the ones are  in charge of this course because even if you don’t have a level 5 of English it’s very easy to understand and so helpful at the moment you crated you resume and your cover letter.
I think it's a very good course. I learned how I do write resumes and cover letters, how do I make a good interview and generally, how do I find and get a job, how do presenatate myself. It was a very useful course.
This course is a comprehensive and very understandable course of study. I gained more knowledge and skills than I thought. I would recommend it to those who intend to learn and would like to thank the Coursera team.
This course helps me to know about the job search process, how to prepare a resume, How to write cover letters and, what is networking, what is elevator speech, what we can do or not do in an Interview and lot more.
Its really important and interesting course, it's improve my English skills, learn to write professional resume and cover letter and learn how I answer question in the Interview. I am highly recommended this course.
It's so useful to take this course as a job seeker. In this course, I learned a lot about how to write a resume, cover letter, and how to impress the interviewer in the interview. Thanks for sharing the knowledge!
I have enjoied very much the course. No only I have improve my english, I have learnt valueble issues regarding job deeking. The instructors are very goods.Congratularions both for your work.I recomend the course.
This course is perfect to be prepared for future interviews or to be a perfect candidate to look for a job. It has been very useful for me to perfect my resume and cover letter and improve my vocabulary. Thank you
One of the best courses I have ever taken , it helps improving many skills such as academic writing ,formal talking and job process searching.I recommend it for everyone who is not familiar with job aspectives...
In this course I learned much more than just how to develop professionally, but in the way I express, and communicate, as well as improve my English and grammar, I would like an excellent job, highly recommended.
I really enjoy this course so much! It is really worth your time learn new skills especially regarding career development. Learning step by step with simple and comfortable english. I hope you guys enjoys it too!
I learned to improve my cover letter as well as my resume, much more important is to have developed the ability to learn key words and verbs that will help me boost my professional and personal career. Thank you.
Es un curso muy educativo y tiene muchas directrices que ayudan, y son súper útiles en la vida laboral!(It is a very educational course and has many useful guidelines, and that are super helpful in working life!)
It was an out standing English program that made me more confident and improved my communication skills and I got aware about many new things. Thank you so much for delivering such a wonderful  training program.
I really liked this course. Thank you very
much. There were a lot of interesting and useful things. Especially useful for
me Cover Letter. I have always neglected this. Also thanks to the
students of the course.
The best English course for career Development online both the teacher are great and they explain each and every topic very clearly and politely.I am really happy that I opted for this course . It help me a lot.
It's a grate course that give me a lot of professional knowledge for job search process and also extra English language skills. Thanks for your contribution to the instructors, fellows and other related persons.
It was an incredible and useful course, very important for job seekers and other persons (like me) to get the opportunity learning or refreshing concepts and tips. Thank you so much for this virtual experience.
I think the couese is very useful for my career development and i learnt very much through it. On the other hand ,other persons helped me so much by their advices. I hope the course become more and more public.
Its great to learn about this course. There is many things to learn about resume writing and cover letter and interview. Its a must have basic course for every beginner who wants to improve in English language.
I very much enjoyed this course. It helped me to clarify my ideas of resume, cover letter and job interviews. I hope many people could roll to this course, like me, for professional improvement and development.
This course is must-do for people who seek for jobs that might be posted in English, nor other language depending on where you from, but asking you to provide English resume and cover letter.Go do it right now!
That was a great course. I believe it will help me a lot. I am very thankful to have´d the opportunity to take it for free. I wish I could pay to get the certificate but not at this moment. Thank you. Regards.
I have never seen a successful course on how to make a resume and more. At the beginning I was nervous because I am not bilingual, but with my knowledge in English I could understand everything. Thanks a lot.
The course was awesome.  There are many things to learn from this course. This course cleared all the questions by providing the classes and quizes . I'd like  to thank all of them who contributed to teach us
This course is very helpful and so easy to understand. Those who are looking for a job or internship, they have to make a fine resume and cover letter, and this course will help you alot n making these stuff.
Excellent content! I really feel that I learned many things that I am not aware of it before. Thank You very much, Coursera and The University of Pennsylvania for providing such a career development course.
Hi there,Thank you all for this beautiful and constructive course. During this pandemic period coursera is a very good choice to learn something new and useful. Teachers are wonderful ! Thank you very much.
It was a great journey and i am really happy that i have learnt many more things specially about covering letter. Good concept and good content. I wish that ill learn other courses also from the university.
It is a quality course. I liked the distribution of topics among the five weeks, the clarity of the teachers' explanations and the duration of each video, reading and exercise. It is complete and enjoyable.
Thank you so much, this course was very useful to me. A great tool with tips and topics. Now I am using everything I have learned in my preparation and search for a new job. Best Regards, Swany Gallardo M.
This course allowed me to figure out important things about my skills and what are the steps to become a successful person in the work environment. I can't describe how worth doing it and learning from it.
I found this is very helpful and it certainly helped me to write more professional Resume and a Cover Letter. Also this course helped me to a great extent on how to apply, prepare and face a job interview.
Very interesting and useful course for teaching faculty or any other job seeker. Materials are easy to understand and the assignemts are thought provoking. Thank you for such a lively vibrant course offer!
Very useful and informative course for any one who is intended to learn and teach more... This course offers a lot of input especially to create a module for teaching application and resume and on writing.
A great opportunity to develope my skills. It was offered me a very organized course with an excellent didactic and professional instructor. Congrats too all at Penn, you were wonderful!! #TrumpIsPresident
Really this course is very beneficial for my career. I have learned many new topics and a lot of techniques that will help to develop my career in extent mannar. I am very grateful to you for this course.
It is a very helpfull course for every one who is worried about job processes, where can I search job, how can write resume or latter, how being prepared for job interview. So don't worry let join hurry😊
The material was explained by teachers so clearly and detailed as possible. Thank you so much from the bottom of the heart for this excellent opportunity to educate ourselves from home and helping us grow
If you want to develop your English skills and know more about how to get an interview and even pass it   you are in the right place even if your English is not perfect.Thank you for this amazing course.
It was a great learning experience. This course helped me improve my English language written skills, write  good looking professional resume and cover letter, and prepare for common interview questions.
Even if you are a working professional, this course is still a perfect way to refresh your resume, cover letter and get prepared to future interviews. Thank you, UPenn and our amazing course instructors!
I really like this course because It give me a clear idea about how to face the next step of my career development. Teachears are so kind and I think that they can share clearly their knowledge. Thanks!
This was the great course which I was able to improve my English skills while I developed my skills which I needed to them to find a job. Especially in different job industry in compare with my country.
It was a very understandable and well organized course. It had new ideas for the job applicant process, new english and specific vocabulary and how to prepare the resumè and the interview. Many thanks.
This is an excellent course for those who don't speak native english, it helped me improve my vocabulary, and also helped me learn new ways to sell my skills to possible employers. Thank you so much!!!
This course was very helpful. I feel more ready to apply for any job in my country. Thank you very much coursera for making this happen! i will definitely join another course to improve my knowledge.
This is a great course which is suitable for anyone who needs a new job. I really learn about more things through Career Development.  I'm very appreciate two professor's effort. Thank you very much!
very helpful in both ways -practicing English and jop application and interview-I have really enjoyed the course and I hope I have more from courses from these teachersI wish the course never ends.
I love English for Career Development courses. At first, I thought it was time consuming,however, pacing myself and being able to re-enroll was an enjoyable experience. I highly recommend Coursera
Thank you so much  coursera for providing  such a Good opportunity to learn such wonderful courses English for career development ,its a very very important course to get a job all over the world.
This "English for Career Development" course is very much helpful for my career development. Course presenter did great job. I enjoyed this course so much, and learn many things from this course.
This course is an excellent opportunity for all to learn about job market and getting a new job through proper process. Also it helps me a lot to know about my weakness in this whole job process.
I found this course extremely useful. Contents of the course are exactly what I had expected. All of the videos are of suitable duration 5-6 minutes.  Tests are mostly of multiple choice pattern.
It was very interesting to share the homework with others, received their opinion and also review other people homework, I recommend to take this course for middle and advanced english speakers.
Really ,a good course.It will be very helpful for job seeker in USA.I am from Bangladesh and i will suggest my friend to do this course for their development in resume and job searching process.
This is a excellent course with professionals I've learnt many things.All I wanted to say is thank you so much, this course really gave me amazing skills and experience I think I'm about to cry.
I feel delighted that I did this course. I have learnt several ingredients which I can add in my job seeking process. Thank youuuuu very much to the university of pennyslyvania for this course..
I really like the course offered by coursera & also thanks the University teachers who guides the full course with easy understanding and specially the job process in USA. Thank you very much.
I learned a lot about things that I never imagined. I hope this course helps me to get my first job. And I will continue learning about english and other skills to improve my resume even more.
Very helpful course  and came to me at the right moment when I need to start my search for a new job after 10 years in the same company so now I have ready my resume and cover letter. Thanks!
Good course and my instructor Mr.  Brian McManus and Ms.Robyn Turner is very great job .This course is very helpful my self development.thank you very much. Yours sincerely Mr.Vijendra Langdi
The course content ,design and delivery methodology is excellent . The course covers very basic things but that is what is required today. Delivery is seamless without any technical glitches.
This course is very nicely framed and i  got clear idea about interview process and helped me to correct my resume mistakes. I thank the instructor's and the team for providing such  course.
The course is very complete, have professionals very capacited and a lot of important informantion about the jobs in the United States. Great job Coursera, and thank you for the opportunity!
It was interesting, I learned a lot, I would recommend taking this course to everyone who is preparing for the first or even your fifth job, especially if English is not your first language.
This course was very useful because it gave me several important skills such as a right way to passing an interview, creating a strong cover letter, making a business networking and other.
Thank you very much, Bryan and Robin for this course! It opened my eyes for many things, especially how to write successful resume and cover letter. Really useful and interesting material.
This course surprise me positively; I learned a lot about how the hiring process is in United States, what is relevant for the companies and how I should show my skills for a specific job
I'm truly enjoying the course. It is very helpful with all the videos, games, and assignments. I'm so thankful to the person who introduces me to the Coursera platform. Thank you so much!
The course was very well structured and very easy to learn, I learned how to prepare for a job interview thank you very much for this contribution that contributed to my personal growth.
This course helped me to learn a lot about job searching process in US and increased my vocabulary with professional terms. I hope to use this skills and knowledge in my following career
Excellent and awesome experience with very good communication skills from both instructors and the gained cumulative knowledge and information is very useful for upgrading my strengths.
I am very happy to do his course i am thankful to coursea  to give me a opportunity to developmet of our self and also thankful to that instructor i lear very well through this course.
It was a great course, I have learned a lot of things. In this course, you will be able to improve your English skills and to improve your understanding of the job application process.
Very structured information, and the speed and manner of lectors speech is very comfortable. I have enjoyed to learn this course. Big gratitude to all people who worked on this course!
Due to this course I understand the reasons why could find my job so fast and received rejections on the very first stages when provided my resume and NO cover letter at all. Thank you
I have really become a better me and I want to take this humble time and thank the Coursera team for helping me grow day by day. You people are great, much love from my country Kenya.
It was a very interesting experience taking this course. It helped me understand the processes of searching for a job and the documents I have to prepare for it. Thank you very much!!
This course was great helpful for me. I'm currently wanting change job to Global company.I was taught the way make a business network and make a small talk. That was great helpful me.
I was able to witness how to prepare a good resume and cover letter and what should we do and don't in an interview. It also taught me a wide range of vocabulary. Thank you teachers.
It is good to be part of this course. You can learn easily at a short amount of time on how to be a professional. This is your stepping stone to become successful someday. Thank you.
I think this is well organized course for the profession job application, but the course name is quite mis-leading. The name could be Job Application Process and Carrier Development.
This is a great step to all the people who want to learn how the job process is in the United States, and not just that, you can also learn grammar and enhance your listening skills.
It was a very fruitful experience. I liked a lot the teachers because they explained everything very clear and easy to understand. Thanks for the opportunity! I love it.Best wishes!
Amazing!!! I can now use this useful curriculum that I now have gained to successfully pass an interview and my dream is to eventually go to Penn to obtain my Masters of Social Work
Awesome content.  I benefited alot from each and every single word you uttered.  Thanks a million for the instructors for their invaluable efforts and endeavors.  Most appreciated .
This course is very helpful for the students who wants to pursue their dreams and to enhance their skills in terms of English language 😊 Im thankful for being one of your learners.
The teachers are great! I am grateful to them for informative and funny lectures. The teachers' pronunciation allows watching course's videos without subtitles. Thank you very much!
I have learned a lot from this course . it really help full , savegae of time . thank GOD and course maker , uni , teacher for designing this course , and enhancing our knowledge .
I learned a lot of skills, including how to write a CV, cover letter, how to conduct the interview, good communication between me and the employer, and I improved well in English.
Taking this course has made me an professional in the job market. All this happened because of brilliant Professors and Coursera which has enabled me the chance to upgrade myself.
I learned a lot from this course. The instructor's way of teachings with practical applications helps me experience many things. I'll strongly recommend this course to my friends.
The course is really awesome and helpful for any type of person at any age. I have already shared this course for my friends and they do love it. Thank you so much for the course.
I can guarantee that the content presented will offer a different way to attend the best job opportunities. The learning process will build a solid basis to highlight your skills.
I learned a lot from this course, such as how to use verb modal in the written way, networking elevator speech, how to write cover letter and resume in a neat and clear way etc..
This has been a great course! I´ve learned a lot of tips that are quite useful when looking for a job.And of course this course helped me to practice my English.Thanks Teachers!
Excellent course. thanks a lot for all the tips. i realize i had to improve my resume in a very important way and I did it. Mi likend in profile now is getting much more visits.
It's an amazing course I recommended to everyone to do this course this course may help you to get a job and how to be professional. Thank you so much for your efforts and time.
Es un excelente curso para el desarrollo profesional y mejorar el idioma inglés. / It is a excellent coursera to professional development and making better the english language.
I want to express my sincere thanks to our instructors Mr Brian and Ms Robyn for everything I have learned in this course, particularly about resume and cover letter.Thank you!
Very good! I learned a lot from this course! I improved my vocabulary and learned new words, expressions and so many things that will contribute to my career growth. Thank you.
Thank you so much. I learned a great deal of knowledge. If  I have chance to go U.S, I will go to university of pennsylvania to thank our teachers in person. THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I would like to thank you for this kind of online English course. I really enjoyed the time learning ''English for Career Development''. It was very helpful and well organized.
I learn many  things about in this course. specially,I like the way of teaching style, talking style which is very clear and understandable. Thank you so much for your service
This course was amazing! I learned how to prepare my resume, a cover letter and how to be prepared to a job interview. Congratulations to professors and all the coursera team!
Nice course. I have learned a lot about how to write a resume, cover letter, and how to prepare for job interviews. Easy to understand, and take not a lot of time to complete.
I have learnt so many new thing from this course. I think every student must complete this course in order to cope with the challenges which she would face during job process.
This course is amazing, the way that the teachers explain all the stuffs is so good to understand and learn. I definelly recommend this for someone that is looking for a job!
It is an excellent course, I highly recommend this course to job seeker to prepare a professional resume and cover letter and also get familiar with the interview atmosphere.
Thanks for this opportunity, that was a excellent experience and a good chance to get better skills and have an appropriate behavior on the an eventually interview at the US.
Thank you very much for curating this course. Not only did it help in understanding & correcting our mistakes, but has empowered us to face job interviews with 'Confidence'.
This course opened a lots of opportunity for me even if I'm already an educator. I would definitely teach this to my students in order for them to be ready for their future.
Thank you very much! It was a challenge for me to study on-line, but it was exciting. There is a lot of interesting material and opportunity to communicate with coursemates.
Perfect support for someone trying to improve their english and look for a job. Many tips that are super useful even for the ones that master english. Strongly recommended.
Very useful and practical course, especially for the other countries students and job seekers who unfamiliar with the U.S culture, this course is a good beginning for them.
Excellent course. I was able to learn how to build a development career in the United States. Thank you all for your effort and providing a unique tool of learning process.
it was very useful. I think that the most interesting thing is the possibility to evaluate others people work, so we can practice and have a full experience of the course.
they provide basic knowledge of job search which will help the learners to be more confident in create resume, cover application, interview conversation. Thank you so much
I thought I already knew everything about writing resumes and interviews but this course has taught me a lot and reminded me of so many things which I so need. Thank you!!
Excellent and very professional. Really helpful to understand US´ job culture. The assignments help to really develop your resume, cover letter, speechs and job interview.
The course is highly recommended for anyone looking to search job effectively, prepare a professional resume and cover letter, build up networking, and ace the interview.
I had a great time learning something new from this course. I get useful information and good advices. Also i like the manners of both teachers and they are cool i think.
Thank you for the course, It's really useful I understand more detail about resume, cover letter, preparation for the interview and more. wonderful experience. Thank you.
Thank you A LOT for all your work and very useful guides in this course! I have already applied them to my professional career and it really helped me to grow in my area.
It was  an excellent course for me. It was my first course in Coursera and it won't be the last one. Thanks teachers because every session was helpful and understandable.
I have learned a lot from this course, if you are a foreign job seeker or worker this will definitely help you from your Resume up until the Interview process in the US.
Knowledgeable course .The instructors are very polite and friendly .The course provides brief description about the topics .The course is interactive you will enjoy it.
It is called the real learning platform. It is not easy, you have to study and clear all level and get your certificate. I can say it will sure increase your knowledge.
The lectures are excellent and inspiring. Quiz and assignment were also structured in a manner that enhance further understanding of the course. Thank you Team Cousera!
I was really enjoying in this course, and learned a lot from these lessons. Thank you so much. And I am looking forward to attend your another class in the near future.
Coursera opened a brighter door to all who are still willing to learn and learn more. It also help people enhance their self esteem and confidence in facing challenges.
I learned lot from this Course.  I Really enjoyed this  course. It really helpful for my future job interviewing process. Thanks to Coursera for providing this course.
This course is very helpful if you want to found a job in the United States. I'm going to start to apply more self-confident and I'm sure that I get a job.Thank you!!!
A helpful course for professionals who seek to develop their skills related to the employment sector as well as develop themselves professionally to face an interview.
I loved this challenge to improve my skills and refine my personal development. Thank you for this opportunity but mostly for the dedication of doing this amazing job!
It's a good course to know and learn from tha starting point. Here we can develop or modify our knowledge in this career development. Simpl lessons are good to revise.
This course is so awesome and greatly helped me to understand all the steps required to land a job.I do recommend it to all job seekers.Many thanks to the instructors.
Great course. It has helped in improving my vocabulary and my confidence levels. I would recommend it to my friends. I has played a vital role in my job opportunities.
This course help me a lo t to increase my grammar skilss and communication skills with people from differnet countries,and also I improve in the fiel of the employment
Hello! Thank you so much for this great course. I have learned how to write CV correctly, cover letter and Elevator Speech. I will continuing to study something new .
Throughout this course, I have learnt how to use and apply English more professionally at workplace, and I even get to brush up on my interview skills which is great!
This course is very useful for everyong. Not only who are looking for the job but also recormend for people who maybe level up to the next position in the future too.
this is a very good course. it prepares me for the real job hunting. I can say that I am way more prepared than other applicants. thank you, Mr. Brian and Mrs. Robyn.
I've learned how to make a professional resume, cover letter, and to use my network to find suitable job and use my social media accounts to grab other's attentions.
I REALLY ENJOYED THIS COURSE.I LEARNED LOT OF THINGS FROM THIS COURSE. I AM THANKFUL TO OUR TEACHERS WHO TAUGHT US THROUGH OUT THIS COURSE . THANK YOU SIR AND MAM :)
It was amazing and organized kind of course. I believe this course will help my career improvement  and i will use it to sharp my job search process. Thank you guys.
I m in progress to change my career. This course helped me to understand how I should look for a specific job and its tools. Thank you all who organized this course.
One Of Best Course in my life .Very Productive and meet the international standard.Specially  thanks University of pennsylvania for bringing this informative course.
The videos and the activities were very interactive. It also offered alternatives for those students who might be unable to speak and hear but still wanted to learn.
It was nice deliverology, I got numerous knowledge in english knowledge like listening, writing, reading.I would like to extend my deepest respect for my teachers.
I learnt so lot about interview preparation. A very warm regards to instructors and a channel providing media.Also i am very thankful to University of Pennsylvania
I loved this course, by the end I almost didn't need to read the content of the videos, I've improved my English with this course and the teachers are the best! ♥️
I really enjoy this course! Thank you, Brian McManus and Robyn Turner! You are very good teachers! Your positivity and encouragement brightened my quarantine days.
Nothing to review. But I just want to thank both of my teachers for explaining so well. You two clear all my doubts about a job. Once again,  Thank you so much!!!
This course is very useful for every people, not only people who looking for a job but also the other to have experience if they want to have a job in the future.
Very educational and informative. I highly recommend it towards anyone trying to find a job, or at least trying to educate themselves on the job-seeking process.
I learned a lot of things. For example: how to write CV,cover letter,job search on the  Internet and tips of successful interview. Thanks so much for the course!
I would
like to thanks, Prof. Robyn Turner and Prof. Brian McManus for such a wonderful
experience. I'm glad I have enrolled myself in this course. Thanks a lot.
A very knowledgeable course with detail and descriptive content. The knowledge provided was very great and it enhances my desire to reapply for a new job anyway.
This course should really be a gateway to the job market for everyone out there. It covers fundamentally covers everything you need to know in your preparations.
This course is really helpful for improving  our English for both writing and reading. I learned many new things from here. I am happy that i choose this course.
Thank you so much to the university of Pennsylvania and also Mr. Brian McManus and Ms. Robyn Turner.This course is very helpful of in my career journey. Thanks!
The course cover all the features and topics needly for a job seeker to be hired for a company. I enjoy this program, I hope more like this. Excellent teachers!
I really enjoyed this course!! The teachers are awsome, helpful and they speak clearly. I recomend for anyone who wants improve their posibilities to get a job!
I really learned a lot from this course. It helps me to understand about topics that I could not handle it until I started the wonderful journey of this course.
very useful information for those who are planning to apply jobs with excellent CV and cover letter with effective writing styles with the correct word choices.
It was a perfect career development. I liked the way of teaching. I learned well and knew more about the career, job process. Thanks. It was very helpful to me.
The course is very concise. Loved the course. The instructors were excellent. The course is actually short, one can complete it in 1/2 days. Thanks to Coursera
This course helps you to improve your professional profile, so you could change your career, job or position. It is very useful through your professional life.
One of the best courses I have taken on coursera. Simplified and easy to understand, I am more confident and determined of succeeding in my future career path.
Interesting and very useful course. I hope it help me to develop professionally.  I like the methodology. The teachers explain very clear. Thank You very much.
Thank you for the big help, yes i am not purely speak English but because of this, it will help me to find a better job and answer any interview on a good way.
Thank you, my dear teachers! It was the first course I finished here and it was incredible!. You did a really big and useful work. Good luck and see you soon.
I actually learned a lot from this course. I thought I'll just play around with it and not take seriously but I did enjoy and ended up learning a lot. Thanks.
It is very helpful for people who are looking to improve their English skills and for those who are entering the market job and don't know were to start from.
It is a really useful course as for my English as for my confidence in writing resume and cover letter and answering interview questions in right way. Thanks!
It has been a wonderful course indeed. Learnt so many thinks including English language skills, creating resume, writing cover letter, interview skills, etc.
The course is really well conceived and neatly executed one. The videos are made in a  simple and lucid language style catering all categories of candidates.
It is very helpful for me, I did apply what have learnt from this course to my job searching which supported me throughout the whole job application process.
This course is amazing. A lot of things that I learned from this course. This course is very suitable for those who just graduated and want to find the job.
This course content a basic information to understand the carrer development in Unit States. It was easy to work in all activities to remember the language.
It was a really engaging and helpful course which polished some communication skills and built some confidence for facing the competition of the job market.
it is very enjoyable and easy course that will make your English and career skills improve I recommend it if you are a beginner at the business community <3
Wonderful course! All the content is excellent and I hope I can use my new skills to get a different job or a new position in my company. Érick from Brazil.
This course has been very helpful. I has supplied me with tacics and insights on how to please a potential employer in the near future. I loved this course.
Excellent explanation! This
 course has been very useful, I really appreciate your help to teach how
 to make a resume and the importance of a cover letter.
The English course is great. I enjoyed so much and I do recommend for all levels. For English lovers and for future careers. Thank you for the opportunity.
Great course for people with different english knowledge levels.It easy to understand course materials and lessons was not too big or too small. Thank you!
Hello , I’m so happy  to join this course , really I get many benefits , new skills , it’s good experience in my life , thank you so much for all of  you .
Pretty good and actual course with well balanced items. But, in one video teacher says we will record audio of our answer and that assignment I didn't met.
I really enjoyed studying this course. Thank you for the 2 teachers who lead me to complete the lesson. Their English  is so clear that it's easy to unders
It was very friendly and comprehensive, I felt absolutely comfortable during the lectures and it inspired me to attend more courses! Thanks to everyone! :)
Enjoyable and useful course! The instructors made it as simple as possible, without missing the main point: teaching how to be successful with job hunting.
It's very intersting and useful course.  It contains a lot of useful practical exercises.  Thank's for teachers for clean  and understandable,pronunciation
Taught me so many things about the job application process, interviewing and added more to my english vocabulary and understanding of the English language
It is very helpful and contains information that you may not have in mind about the process of getting a new job or a better position in your current one.
Excellent course to increase your knowledge of English and mainly to know how is the process to enter the job market in the United States. I recommend it.
This course is very good, me help for learning More English language. Thanks for all people what do this course, bye, continue, plese many people the need
It is a wonderful course that could help improve not only your writing skill in a resume but your English else well for those who are not a native speaker
Thank you a lot, teachers and whole coursera team for this great opportunity. I have learned many things from this wonderful course, thank you once again.
Thanks for the course, such a good way to teach and explain everything so easy to make it possible to finish the course within time. Wish you best of luck
Very useful information, and there are many great and up-to-date materials. Moreover, this course helped me to improve my English. This was really great!
It is a very good course, especially for young learners who are learning English and intending to enter USA job market. Thank you very much, instructors!
I had thought that I got much experience in job seeking process, but with this course I have learnt much more than I could expected. Thank you very much!
It was one of the best courses that i have been joint ever thank you all for your great efforts and thanks a lot for your smile through all the lectures.
Very good course. I got more job vocabularies , i know how to better write a resume and cover letter Now! The structure of the course is very well done!
I highly recommend this course for those who want to acquaint themselves with the job hiring process and improve their writing and communication skills.
This the best course till now I had on my personal improvement. Thanks to the whole team of English for Career Development for such a wonderful course.
The entire course is arranged well for me to step by step get familiar to the job seeking skills. The supplement for readings are also helpful. Thanks!
It is a complete course meant to transform your job hunt professionally. It is full of insights and personal training tools and it is very practicable.
This course is very useful for english learners to know how to apply for jobs and be prepared for interviews in professional english. Highly recommend.
My teacher introduced it to me ... now I dont need my teacher anymore :P :P :P :P :P Just kidding its an amazing course ...... And I love my teacher :P
It was a great experience to be a student of this course. Really enjoyed each and every lesson of it. Thank your for providing such a wonderful course
This course has helped me on building my own preparation for the upcoming job interview. Also gave me insight about job interview in American culture.
This was an excellent course.  I work closely with International students and would highly recommend that they participate in this course!  Thank you.
It was a very interesting journey . I have learned new things and I am so sure that this will be of great help to me in my future searching of a job .
Great, it was fun enjoying this course, it enhanced my job search skills, how to increase my networks, how to go for an interview and writing resumes.
I recommend this for you. This is a great course which is suitable for anyone who needs a new job. You can learn about things with career development.
English for career development is wonderful. The program has helped me understand clearly about career development in the future. Thank you very much.
This course really enlightened my understanding about Job application process; be it preparing Resume, Cover letter or being ready for Job interview.
I really learned a lot , from resume to cover letter to preparing for the job interview. I loved the course content and the sincerity of Instructors.
This course really helped me a Ton!!!! The coachers are well-prepared  and I can finally write correctly my Cv and my Cover Letter. Thank you guys!!!
Very good courses for who wants to improve knowledge of english and is intrested in making a good impression durind the reaserh for a job. Thank you!
This is extremely helpful in a job process I liked the speakers who have a very good accent,which we can easily understand.Thankyou so much Coursera.
I learned a lot about applying for a job and there are many helpful advices to get the job you want. I recommend it to everyone to take this course.
A very good experience..And please provide my course certificate at my email I'd because I'm not financial well to purchase my certificate.Thank you
I am able to write resume and cv it really helped me a lot because now a days we as a job seeker's should know this basic knowledge, so thanks a lot
The course was very use-full. I liked the assignments, where you can apply what you have learned. Also, help others learning by reviewing their own.
Instructors are really helping in the leaning process and i want to appreciate that transcipt of videos is added alongside them. It's really helping
The course content is excellent but you have to include a summary  PDF of all the slides used in the video for students to revise from time to time.
I believe the course was very didactic and easy to follow for everyone. I feel more confident and motived to reach success on my carrer development.
It was an amazing experience for me as a english language teacher and as a student. I hope taking more courses in this partform! Thank you so much.
IT WAS WONDERFUL . I AM GRATEFUL TO YOU FOR LETTING ME BE A PART OF THIS COURSE . IT WAS SUCH A GOOD PLATFORM FOR LEARNING NEW THINGS AND SKILLS.:)
Excellent training! It's very useful and give you tools for a job interview process. Now, I feel more prepared and confident of applying for a job.
It is really was wonderful, interesting, and helpful course. I acquired a lot of knowledge in which will help me in career life.. Thank you a lot
It is an amazing course. I have been thought by wonderful tutors, I would like to say thank you so much for teaching with many interesting ideas.
This course offers a practical guide from job search to job fetch. While the presenters are v. good, the overall framework is better. Enjoyed it.
I would like to thank Professors Mrs. Robyn Turner and Mr. Brian McManus and the University of Pennsylvania for the great course, until the next!
Thanks for giving me so much good knowledge about career development. Now i am feeling more confident about further coming interviews and so on.
This is the best course to learn English career development.The tutors are really good explanation.I learned so many things through this course.
I loved this course, I have learned so many new things about how to be prepared for the search of employment. I totally recommendend .Thank you!
This course is fantastic because when joining this course I haven't any idea what do I do but when I finished this course I found a new pathway.
I have learned so many thing from this course. Thank you coursera for this wonderful experience. I will learn  so many courses from this portal.
This course was incredible, I thank everyone for what I have been taught, I find it fantastic the way the course was developed.
I learned a lot.
It was good things for me to learn with this online course during lock down at home and could spend good time to learn and explore something new
This course is very helpful.There are small videos,in which we will learn and understand the concept easily. Quiz and games also helpful for me.
This course provides the most useful and helpful information for graduates or students who want to start their own career from around the world.
Excellent course! I learned and discover a lot of new things job my personal job and find another one. I really recommend this course to anyone.
I have enjoyed this course really! It's very interesting and helpful! Nice and professional tutors! Thank you very much for such a great course!
Great course. I had the chance to practice my english skills while learning about the job search process and related topics. It was very useful.
I hope all participants found this course useful like me.I want to thank the course teachers  and the course supporting organizations.Thanks....
This is very helpful to all job seekers and also to students. This will equip them with skills necessary in job hunting and career searching. :)
It is a practical and clear course. The course has a specific information to help people introducing working world. Thanks see you next course.
Very nice! Today I have a totally different resume and much more vocabulary! I thank the teachers for their commitment in creating the content!
I really enjoy this course. It is interesting and instructive. My experience was so good. It helps me a lot.Thank you so much for your support.
This course is very helpful in developing a professional looking resume, cover letter and developing a good understanding of job search process
This course helped me to better understand how to use English in development in my professional career and social. Excellent course! Thank you.
In this course, I had the opportunity to improve my skills for a job interview, write resume better, make networking and clarify my vocabulary.
This course had given me a lot of things to learn not only for my career development but in enriching my English language skills and knowledge.
thank you so much for this opportunity, it was a great course, but I wanted to receive a certificate for this course without payment.Thank you
Thank you for the course! That's great opportunity to get useful tips, improve your English and learn new strategies of improving  you career.
This course, including the content, provided me with the possiblity to know and enrich the valences acquired before.Best regardsGabriel Santos
Its nice and good to me to really improve my English level without any hard work so i really want to say thank you for the coursera organiser.
This course is really great , this is very useful and skill full for students and also for job seekers n all . Thank you for this opportunity
Very nice and educational course!  Although I have already studied most of the subjects  before, its interactive method was a plus!   Thanks!
I am really grateful for such great work. I have learned so many things on job searching and interviewing process. Thanks a lot! Recommended!
It was a very interesting course well focused in helping people to develop skills in English language for a successful searching job process.
That was an awesome course to boost up one's skills in English and to find a job, write a resume and cover letter and face a interview board.
This course is awesome. I have learnt so many thing in this course that I am confident finding a job will be way much easier. Endless thanks.
This is a really good course to job seekers! It helps you with all the steps related to search and get a job. The information is very clear.
This course in really awesome.Everyone needs to complete the course to know at least some of the issues, which might not be learned earlier.
English for Career Development  is a complete English course with principal focus to improve your resume regarding the USA job requiriments.
This is obviously an excellent course for job seekers to learn skills about career development and could apply this in the practical field.
I found it very interesting. And it gave me several tips and directions that I did not know. However, I think that the pace was a bit slow.
This class is incredible. I would recommend if you want to apply for a job or grad school in the USA. I will get ideas what you need to do!
I’m so glad  and I love this course is make me motivate in my skill and every step in my life thank you so much who teach as so well ❤️❤️❤️
I gained confidence and more vocabulary about job seeking. I can easily write a cover letter with the simple approach taught in the course.
I really enjoyed all the videos, I felt like they was talking to me, it was very easy to see and undertand, i am gratefull for this course.
This course is very useful for non English speakers. Job seekers will learn how to write resume, cover letter and how to attend  interview.
I have learnt English for career development course from Coursera under University of Pennsylvania... I loved so mouth doing this course...
The course was very informative and insightful. I could learn a number of new things too. It will really me in my professional development.
Perfect, many things i have learnt in this course some of them i already knew them but still 5 star course and great job for the trainers.
The course is excellent, it offers information on valuable resources such as the interview, resume and the cover letter. 100% recommended.
It was really a good course. I developed a new skill . I totally recommend it for those who would like to develop their career development
It was very helpful to me, I really enjoyed learning everything about the job searching process and to make a good impression to get a job
i really appreciate this course because i am learning important things about job and career development .The teachers are so professional.
Very good! The course clarified the job seeking process and made me more confident to try my space in the market. I really recommend this.
I really recommend this course. Help you with both language and knowledge that you certainly need to improve your Job searching experience
It is an interesting course and it is convenient for the workers and employees who are busy with work and cannot attend school or college.
The course content is very applicable to the job seek process. It helped me a lot and it will undoubtedly improve my professional career.
This course was so helpful in the English language and in the job-seeking process. Thanks a lot for this good opportunity, keep going =)!
There are many practical methods of job application, resume, cover letter and interview, which does great favor to my career development.
I learned a lot of things that i didnt know , and with  this course I could know to do a resume and a cover letter to keep myself update
This course is great. It gives me an opportunity to learn nore new knowledge. And practices my mind to think again to solve a challenge.
i have learned many new things and skills of making and reviewing CVs and cover letters. Thank you so much for such a learning activity.
Awesome, it was very very helpful, how to finding job, writhing resume and cover letter and and answering interview question.thank you.
If you are having difficulty finding a job or starting to biutl a career, this couse will definitely help you! Sign up and study today.
Its a very good course.It will boost up your skills related to job.One who is going through a job related process must have to do this.
I learned both to develop my skills as a job seeker and how to express myself better to be more confident in an interview and get a job
Thanks for managing the staff.I really improved my English speaking level and it also helped me to find jobs in a digital and fast way.
very interesting, not annoying. Teachers are prepared and seem to be nice people. Very usefull if you are scheduled to do an interwiew.
In this course I learned so many things related to job like how to make resume, how to make CV and how to communicate with each other.
I have learned many things MOOCing in this online course. In general, MOOC taught me as a student to be prepare for my future  career.
I really appreciate it even I cannot log in my account in the laptop but I'm proud to say that I finished this Coursera online course.
This course helped me a lot to make my preparations to work, I made my CV and my letter, I also practiced for my interview. Thank you
It was the first course I passed and actually it was random choice but I can say it was interesting and useful. Thanks for your work.
this courses so wonderful! thank you very much forr all tutors and coursera! it helps me to upgrade myself and learn how to get a job
I learned a lot about English language and also how to make a very good resume.. thank you so much for this course. really enjoyed it
I would recommend every beginner to learn from this course. It's a must. You would really enjoy your time during this course. Thanks.
This course was very informative for me. Wonderful teachers, it was interesting to listen to them. Thank you very much, all the best.
All people that wants to work in the US and is them first time, need this course for practice English and learning about the process.
From this course, i can learn about the job process, how to answer the question when interview, and some tips about how to make a CV
I am really grateful to the teachers. I am a freshers and could not know how to start and where to start. This course help me a lot.
It is a very good course for to learning about communication skills, English language and much better for those who is a job seeker.
Its really benefits for me, for this course  I am able to create best resume and submitted to LinkedIn for getting best to best job.
Thank you for this course, I already wrote  my new resume and cover letter using all your tips. Tank you very much for your help!!!!
It was such a great experience. I did learn many useful things throughout this course. I really revere the whole provided materials.
My experience has been positive. Personally I have learned a more specific and professional language about resume and job interview.
I really increase my knowledge in English language. My knowledge develop through this course. This course is very beneficial for me.
Great option to improve our english skills and perform an accurate CV and Cover Letter. It includes some useful tips for interviews.
Thank you!I learn a lot of things that help me to improve my english skills, I apreciate the oportunity and I just to say thank you.
This course is very good and interesting, I recommend to all who want to be prepared for an interview and to improve their English.
I learned a lot from the course. Now, I feel more confident about search for a job, and I feel more prepared for face an interview.
THIS COURSE IS DEFINITELY GOING TO HELP ME TO GET INTO A GOOD JOB. I LOVED LEARNING FROM COURSERA. I REALLY HAD A GREAT EXPERIENCE.
Im very grateful to my instructors for helping me to understand and complete the course as early as possible. Thank you Coursera...
Learning career development program through coursera was quite interesting and useful  for me. Basics of documentation are covered.
I learned a lot of things that I will use in the near future. So thank you for providing us this course and challenge us every week
This course is very helped me to write a professional resume and cover letter...I believe this course helps a lot to the beginner.
This is a very good course I'd recommend for job seekers to take. Relatively easy and very insightful. Thanks to the facilitators.
It's a very good course to review each step of job search such as, how to create your own resume and cover letter in the best way.
It is a great opportunity for me that I learn English Development with you.you are awesome in teaching . Thanks for supporting me.
Great Course, very instructive, now I have good skills to develop my resumé and cover letter in order to find the job that I want.
it was very great course, I learned a lot from it, thank you very much to make it available for the all, Appreciate your work best
This course was really great. It helped me in developing and knowing my self more. It has also helped me in developing confidence.
This experience was amazing! English for Career Development course really helped me to written my Resume in English with quality.
Thank you for share your time and knowledge, I learned a lot of things, now I feel ready and motivated to start my job searching.
It's a great course. I like it. It helps too much to increase the knolewge of how we should behave to grow up our career. Thanks.
Easy to understand facts and tips, very helpful every pinpoint. How to marketing yourself skills in resumes and knowledge Thanks.
Excellent to learn vocabulary of the job searching process as well as an excellent guide to resume and interviewing improvements!
It is an excellent course. I have developed my skills a lot. I will encourage others to complete this course. It is very helpful.
I had learned how to write a good resume, cover letter, and how to respond to question during an interview and first impression.
The course helped me to write a better and resume and cover letter, as well as some good tips for when I go for a job interview.
I love the way instructors explain the lessons. Besides that, the examples are very clear and the games are really entertaining.
I learned a lot about how I've to proceed when I'm seeking for a new job, since the resume until an interview. Very good course.
It was helpful. I could brush up my English. The professors highlighted some key points that I had not known earlier. Thank you.
An excellent course. I have learnt that speaking slowly and clearly helps the listener to hear and understand you quite clearly.
This course was very  interesting and helpful for me. I learned how to improve my English skills in the job application process.
One of the outstanding courses on CourseraI have fully enjoyed the course.It is one of the best and easiest courses on coursera.
Great corse. I am sure that it help me im my  career!Thankyou University of Pennsylvania, Mr Brian Mcnanuas and Ms Robin Turner!
This course really provides me good knowledge regarding writing a CV, developing a cover letter, and successful interview tips.
I am really very grateful because it helped me to know more about my skills and to know more about the interviews. Thanks a lot
That's a very useful course I can now write a professional resume and cover letter and I know tips and tricks for the interview
The course is very easy to follow.  And I like how the professors teach and demonstrate the principles and theories. God bless!
is a very good course because it is easy to understand what the instructors are talking about, and the content is very relevant
It was a great experience for me, course is awesome, I recommend course everybody who wants to learn and improve English skill.
Very good English teaching method with Career Development. I think that this course beat one strike but there are tow cut parts
Very good course which is good for beginners, and what you learn in this course can be applied to all types of job application.
Thank you for give us this great opportunity, for to keep learning in everywhere and every time, for development professional.
Nice course! It is helpful to learn how to get prepared for job interview and how to present our self in front of interviewer.
I am very much thankful to Coursera for this course. It was really a wonderful experience with you.Thank you so much for this.
It was a great learning experience. Thank you so much Coursera for the opportunity and the two great instructors. Well done!!!
I think this is the best ever course on Career Development. This course made me ready for my professional career!Thanks a lot!
its help me to improve my English , jobs skills, & ofcourse about an interview means how to give interview. Thankyou coursera
its amazing course. i am happy after spent my time on this course. now i am able to understand many things regarding resume .
Excellent!This is one of the best course ever who will be started their career as soon. I learnt many things here. Thank you.
this course was very useful to me. it allowed me to write my resume with confident and professional way.thanks to instructors
very helpful, i really learned a lot from it, and i highly recommend it to everyone, thank you very much for this experience.
Great course for learning better communication skills, understanding career related terms and improving professional writing.
English is an international language. This course will help me to get lucrative job. Thank you to all mentors of this course.
I've learn a lot from this course, it have helped me in my communication regarding my job search. It is a very useful course,
Though the course content is not new to me, I have learned some new things. So this course is really good for early careers.
Very pleased with information granted and especially the tremendous instructors, they were really to the point. Many thanks.
I really enjoyed taking the class and doing all of the activities realted to the course. Thank you for this great learnings.
I have gotten much information about the job search process from this course. I believe it will help me a lot in the future.
it is a very beautiful course i have learnt a lot either in English or in employments field or even in personal life .thanks
I was glad to be able to attend this course. Now, I have a better idea about resume, job search and interview. Thanks a lot.
So far, it has been a beneficial and engaging course. It makes learning about job-searching a fun experience,  which I like.
Very clear, easy to follow, useful/practical information and flexible (you can manage your time to complete). High recommend
Nice teachers. I very appreciate this course. It really helped me to improve my English and define my goals. Thank you Penn!
I think that is an excellent course because it really makes you grow up in your English language and communications skills.
This course is really insightful. If you want to know more about career development, this course really suits to your goal!
It is really great pleasure to have a chance to take part in this course. Everything was good, even better than I expected.
excellent.this course helps you to make perfect resume and cover letter.it also helps you to know how to deal in interview.
This course is really very helpfull for job. It give a lot of information about resume, job application and interview. 😇😎
To be honest, i've never ever saw a MOOC like this one. I liked so much!! The plataform, teacher, content ! its all amazing
this course is very useful and helpful in improving our English  speaking , listening and writing skills as well. thank you
Hey,it's very good opportunity for me to take this course.I have a lot of practice and experience in this case.thanks a lot
It was an excellent course and It was very useful for me I learned a lot. Thanks to participate in this great opportunity.
Today i'm very excited to finish my first course with coursera & my new class mate. I wish Best of Luck for bright future.
Easy to follow and understand.Focus points on important aspects of job searching (resumes, cover letters, networking, etc)
I really enjoyed the course. I recommend it to anyone looking for work in the United States and it is perfecting English.
It was an excellent course for people who are making their career. I'm so satisfied with this great course and lecturers.
It is wonderful course indeed as it helped me a lot for career development, in resume writing and cover letters as well.
The course is great, they are trying to make you understan every tiy thing by simple examples. I have really enjoyed it.
Good experience... We can learn language skills effectively with ease.. Very useful for professional growth in teaching.
It was great to learn how to better write a cover letter and how to make a first good impression. Thanks a lot, Cousera!
It's a really good course, especially for those who are looking for a new job abroad, or even in interviews in English.
Very good course. I learned a lot about to get a job. I recommend this course to everybody who wants to apply in a Job.
the teachers are excelent !! and the format of learning is very entertaining too. Congratulations and thanks for all !!
The course is more helpful as it provides essential skills in developing a career. It was so interesting and enjoyable.
excellent course if you wanna know how to prepare a perfect work interview and you're getting reade to found a good job
Thank you so much for the Penn University and teachers! Cource was so exciting and I learned a lot of important things!
Thank you for the great course. You inspired me, so I can move on to a new challenges, and improve my self.Best regards
Thank you Coursera! I learned a lot of things in this course about making a Resume and Cover Letter. Thank you so much!
It was really great thank you so much.the professors explained everything well it will be useful through out my career
An excellent course; I highly recommend it. This course gives a great overview on types English for career development
this course is really awesome! i enjoyed watching the videos and reading the articles since they are all well created!
This is a very... very good Course! I recommend it for anyone is learning inglish, specially for who is seeking a job.
What a excellent course. Keep going and teaching. You are the best, It was a satisfactory experience for me. Thankyou.
Thank you for creating initiatives so that people can express themselves and be better prepared when looking for jobs.
Excellent course! I’m so happy I took it. I have now built a resume and I’m working on applying for new opportunities.
It has been an interesting course, I have learned how to write my resume, cover letter and networking elevator speech.
Thank you for this wonderful and excellent online learning, we will be able to apply it in ourselves in near future 😊
I find this course very useful. I learned a lot from this course and I enjoyed every aspect of the lesson.  Thank you.
This is a good course that can improve you to be prepared and good to do some interviews and get a job of your dreams.
I liked the course. I learned how to write a resume, a cover letter, got to know better the interview and Networking.
This course has the best teachers I've ever had! Amazing speech, good lessons, perfect examples. Thank you very much!
Course is too good. I got 91% marks but this course doesnot give you certificate.we want to purchase the certificate.
This is an excellent couse. I learned alot about how to serch jobs and develop my self to prepare for job. Thank you.
Really, it is a very amazing course. I thank my distinguished teachers, thank you for what you learned in this course
A very interesting course, I learned a lot about the topics that should be taken into account when looking for a job
This course is quite practical. I like it and strongly recommend those who is purchasing for a good job to learn it.
Great! I learned a lot more English while listening and written to the exercises in this course. Thank you for that!
Good Course for Career Development. Thanks to Instructors, I will definitely recommend this course to friends too...
it was a amazing experience to complete a course here. i learned many things here.and it best online education site.
Very nice course! A good opportunity to learn more about english language and know details about the USA job market.
Very interesting and useful course. I much liked the lecturers, all topics covered very well and easy to understand.
It was the best course that  I made in Coursera, help me understand how I can prepare myself for getting a new job.
Designed to cover both english and job searching. Thanks for the entire team who put efforts in making this course.
Very helpful and detailed instructions on applying for a job, from resume to cover letter to interview preparation.
Many thanks for that course. I have learned enough and hope that these knowledges will help me in my future career.
Got a Great Idea about career development. I thank everyone for providing a detailed idea about career development.
very amazing!!this course helped me to better understand the recruitment process in the u.s. and improve my resume.
Interesting course, now I can change somethings that I doing wrong in my job search and put my better skills for it
The instructors are rightly just calm enough to teach student as good as they could. Happy to be in this course! :)
In this course, I learned several things that I did not know. It added a lot to my professional career. Very good!
Overall was great course. I enjoyed very much and i achieved news  knowledge, mainly about vocabulary and writing.
I loved it a lot and gained a lot of information.  Excellent professors, I really appreciate offering it for free.
Contains very useful elements for the development of the professional profile and preparation for the labor market
It was a great experience to get along with this course. Thnaks Courseera, University of Pennsylvania and Mentors.
I always like the Coursera courses as they are very flexible and helps me to learn a lot for my career progression
It teaches and train students just like me to be ready and prepared for my future career as a young professionals.
This is one of the must joyful course that i ever have, it is clear, good and simple as it is full of information.
Effective and interactive videos and easy to understand lectures are surely a plus point of the course. Thank you!
Excellent course, you can improve your English skills and also there are so many great articles very interesting.
This was a great course. I learned things that i know will be very useful for the future in my career. Thank you.
This course is really good and I earn more information about this course . I proud of you,  because it is clear .
Well structured course that is not too heavy on concepts and not too light as well . Very useful for job seekers.
Quite useful course for understanding hiring process in US. Anyway, it can be appliable for any country i believe
It helps me alot in English skills which shows a professional way to describe in my resume.Thanks for the course.
Thank you Coursera and course instructor for this amazing course, Now I'm feeling more confident about my career.
It is a very usefull course. even if you speak well the language, there's a lot of new information you can learn.
It was a very informative course and I also learned a lot about the job application process in the United States.
A very useful course in knowledge and language. There are easy and interesting explanations. Thank you very much.
It was great learning with this course. It actually develops your skills and prepares you better for job process.
This course is very helpful for non-native English speakers and students who want to improve their marketability.
I have benefited a lot from these courses and when I get my degree will support my resume in getting a better job
This course helps me a lot in making cover latter and resume.I am very thankful to the management of this course.
This course is the best course that I have ever studied.I recommended to everybody that I want the best for them.
The most recommended course with detailed explanation from competent expert. It helpful and useful for jobseeker
It's a great achievement to complete this useful course. Hope it will help me a lot in my next professional life
I love this course. This course is very beneficial for me. It's develop or growth my career.Thank you so much!!☺
This course is totally amazing. I learnt many things from this course. It have very helpfull content for career.
A very well designed course for everyone! Takes the learner through every step in job search process very nicely
Very good classes and very good teachers, really I'm very happy to do it.Thank you so much for this experience!
I enjoyed and learned a lot with flexibility of timing.One of the best  platform  to learn and enhance skills .
the instructors were wonderful and because of their guidance the course seemed to be easier and understandable.
It was a great course. The teachers are very clear. It helped a lot with my resume. I recommend it to everyone!
Excellent, the teachers are great, the gramatic and vocabulary its very easy, thanks a lot. I´m very gratefull.
It is a very easy to learn course.The steps are very clear and i enjoyed learning it. It is very help full too.
very good knowledge and learned for this course. i have improved my communication skills.Tnq for coursera team.
Learnt a lot about the professional ways to use English during the course. Quite worthy and very useful course.
This course was a great and positive surprise. I have learned a lot about how to be well prepared to get a job.
Really great course, I have learned a lot from this course. It's really useful in my life's career development.
really nice course! it gives yor nice tips that will make your confidence grow! Iwould definitely recommend it
Learned a lot on communications kills do and don't during an interview, how to write a resume and cover letter
i didn't receive my congrats email i hope i can receive it soon cause i already completed the course thank you
This course was extremely useful for me. I've learnt a lot of new things about job searching in US. Thank you!
One of the best courses that can connect you with the modern world job searching skills and the ways to do it.
I appreciate the opportunity to attend this course.This is the best and most useful course I've ever attended.
Very interesting course and nice teachers. I've learned many new things. Thank everyone who contributed to it!
I really like to learn about resume, cover letter, elevator speech and so. It was fantastic. Thank you so much
Excellent Course, I practiced and improved my English with the topic of Career Development, I have enjoyed it
A well designed course for everyone who want to understand how to succeed during the job application process.
Really nice and short course to help understand the employee what steps one should follow to apply for a job.
Quite more than only an English course, it's an amazing learning process to better prepare for job searching.
It,s very useful course i advise any one he need to improve her skills and languge he should take this course
Excellent course material! I just didn't like the lack of mentorship and personalized review of the projects!
I LEARNED  A LOT OF THINGS IN THIS SAID COURSE AND I HOPE THAT I WILL USE THIS KNOWLEDGE I HAVE IN THE FUTURE
Really that was a good course. i am really so happy to finish it and deal with your course. Thank you so much
A very basic course, greatly presented and has helped me a lot in knowing much more about job search process.
Very good course, I have learned a lot of english new words and I was very helpful for my carrer development.
it is a great course. if you don't know the job search process then you should definitely go for this course
Outstanding course for developing one’s proficiency in job searching, communication, and interview settings.
Excelente course for studant who wants to improve their english skills, and learn about career and business.
Feel great after completing this wonderful cources, thanks to the professor who gave so much knowledge to me
I really enjoyed this course. I learned so much about job search process while I practiced my english level.
I think this course is too much important for the fresher graduate or under graduate student who seek a job.
Very helpful course. Very quietly and unobtrusively helps то develop English and other useful skills. Thanks
It's an awesome course to improve English and it can help me to prepare myself before register for the job.
The course is wonderful. It is useful for beginners as well as for seeking new / next position in a career.
Through learned this course, I got a lot of awards. I think I will keep going to study other crouse. thank!
I enjoyed this course a lot! Learned very useful things on how to better prepare to embark in a job search.
Very well thoughts, plenty of tips and must-do in the job seeking process as a professional in any country.
Hello,How everyone is doing. I just want to know how can I get my certificate, please. Thank you very much
I really learned about resume, cover letter, interview techniques and many more. This course is wonderful.
Simple and informative! I highly recommend this course to all of us whose first language isn't English! :)
This is exceptionally great course for young people career development. I strongly recommend for everyone.
Thank you so much! i enjoyed a lot this course and i finished very fast. it was very usefull and helpfull!
This is an easy course for me. It is very informative on what I am studying. Thank you all for helping me.
It was an excellent experience for me. I will recommended to every person who need improve their English.
Very clear course. Extremely helpful, with great examples and explanations of how to do things correctly.
This is the nice course ever. Thank you so much to make my Covid-19' time to be meaningful and wonderful.
An amazing short free available course for career development. Thanks coursera for providing this course.
A great and dynamic course. I recommended this course to improve your knowledge in future jobs interviews
it is a very good course and it focus on the most important tips in the field of job searching/networking
The course is very good! I learned very things about career development. Congratulations to team of Penn.
it is really a meaningful plateform to learn courses through this videos.and it is really understandable.
It was really helpful course for everyone. I aslo learned about career development and skills in English
Vry informative and good course it whole helpful for career development. Expressive communication skills
ME GUSTO MUCHO EL CURSO.REALMENTE APRENDÍ LOS HABILIDADES NECESARIAS PARA DESARROLLARME PROFESIONALMENTE
Thank you Professors for the wonderful experience. This course will surely give a new edge to my career.
Excellent course, provides all the necessary tools to carry out a good process to obtain the desired job
i had a great chance to develop my communication skills as well as to improve my english language skills
This was such nice experience, I'll definitely miss answering in here and listening to the both of them.
Excellent course, clearly and concrete videos and explication, I enjoy the practice activities and tests
This course was very helpful to me and made learning and teaching easy for both the student and teacher.
Learned a lot from the course, including English language skills, and how to prepare a better interview.
A very good course for job seekers and current employees for using English in developing their Careers.
Excellent Course !! Got to learn many useful things right from basics to advance. Big Cheers to you !!!
This course give us how to write cover letter, resume and what are necessary thing to do for interview.
I really appreciate this course content as anyone who is new for job can be benefitted with this course
This is very useful course for the college students who is going to attend Interviews and going to jobs
I want to thank the teachers of this course. I made a great job. Because of you I studied with pleasure
Explanations and Examples are good, I really enjoyed and learnt much things from this course,Thank you.
VERY interesting course!I practiced my English and learned a lot of useful information! Thanks so much!
It´s really great and useful! I´ve worked since I was 15, but I knew a lot from this course! Thank you!
Thank you ever so much for this course! It was exactly what I needed to prepare well for job searching.
i really liked it, it was very interesting, thank you so much  for this opportunity !!! It was helpfull
It is a very detailed and well prepared course . It will guide you step by step . I really enjoyed it.
ITS VERY EASY AND INYTRESTING COURSE .I LOVE THAT AND I PRODE TO FEEL THAT I HAVE COMPLETE THIS COURSE
That was very useful course for me and each lessons and video are very interested to move on next step
Very good course for job seekers. I will recommend to my family's and friends to complete this course.
It's nice course because it is telling about how to achieve something easy or effective way.Thank you.
I learned to better prepare myself for the whole process of selecting for a job opening. Great course!
It's an excellent course, it helps me a lot with my resume and understand hot to write a cover letter.
My first experience in the Coursera organization. I am very excited with the results. Congratulations.
Very useful and interesting. Great teachers and prestigious university. Highly recommended. Thank you!
It is a wonderful and very useful course. Both the teachers  have great command over course teachings.
This course is really very helpful in establishing and upgrading professional career systematically...
It's really very essential for everyone. The course teacher was really very friendly and well manner.
Instructors done a great job. Clear , to the point videos, helpful assightments. Thank you very much!
Great course which helps to create perfect resume and teaches how to present yourself at an interview
Very nicely structured course. The questionnaire are also designed well. Over all, a good experience.
it is useful for my future career ,now i can write cv in english ,and how to deal with some interview
Dear all Prof.Its wonderful. I have learned a lot from this course.Appreciate all your efforts.Thanks
This is such an amazing opportunity to take MOOC. The convenience of these classes were incomparable.
This course is necessary to do if you are new at new market, need to write a resume and cover letter!
It was a very useful course, i have learned many tips from the documents and from my peers. Thank you
With that course you really learn English for Career Development. The best course about that subject.
Thanks a lot I strongly recommended this course for everyone who wants improve his or her knowledge.
It was phenomenal,I learned everything which was needed.Thank You Coursera for providing this course
Very nice course its help you to improve your interview checking skill and common English vocabulary
that's so wonderful and amazing cousers . its so prefect . i am very happy to get that certification
Very informative course , starts as basic and then goes to intermediate level , I really enjoyed it.
I learned more valuable lessons from this course which is very much useful for my career development
In just five weeks I have learned so many things about the job process, congratulations to the team.
Really i understood each and every part  and also enjoyed learning with u teachers. Thank u so much.
It is a great platform to improve you english skills and  you will more to know about  your career .
It is a very good course, it allows improve the language skills and learn about job search processes
This course was excellent. It enabled one to do tremendous things which aid in personal development.
The course is very useful and delivered in a very accessible language and style. Highly recommended!
The course is excellent, very clear and the examples and exercises greatly reinforced the learning.
This course was very interesting and motivating, I think is the best course about laboral documents
Excellent program for beginners. Simple, well explained, and well structured. I highly recommend it
I loved the course. It brought very important concepts and prepared us to deal with the job market.
Learnt about preparing resume, cover letter, elevator questions and preparing interview  questions.
The course is great and understood about English for career development. I learned too much, Thanks
This course was awesome and provided me with a lot of information that is very advantageous for me.
easy to understand non English native speaker. Good chance to know how to search the jobs in the US
Many, many thanks for this opportunity and for having helped me in using English for my job career.
its very good to learn and how to write the resumes ,covre letter,networking issuses can be solved
It`s a useful course for those people who`d like to change something in their life for the better.
I love the clear presentation in every video and the dinamic dialogue from every speakers. Thanks!
It was really help us as a job seeker to prepare our self and also improved our ability in english
It was a great course: I was able to lear new vocabulary and most important new skills. Thank you!
I am very thankful to both amazing instructors and learned a lot from this course. Happy Learning!
I am very happy to have an acheviement for may language skills the instructor is very professional
Good course to learn job application process difficulty and how to overcome from them.well done...
Very helpful for non-native job seekers who want to apply for international or American companies.
Very good courses with clarity and objectivity in the topics. I learned a lot and took many doubts
Thanks for the great course! I got a lot from this that I'm sure will help me in my future career!
Very good, it's clear and accurate. Methodology used is good. I liked it very much, I enjoyed it.
This course is so helpful,and it is really easy for those that English is not their fist language
I really very liked to study in this course. it gave me more confidence to apply for my next job.
A great course, very explanatory with many aids to understand the process in the USA to get a job
I really liked it! The teachers explained clearly each unit and their videos were really helpful!
Really good and simple to understand. I learned a lot about the job searching process at the U.S.
I really enjoyed this course. My gratitude to all the people form the University of Pennsylvania.
This course taught me lots of things that I not even heard before about professional development.
The course gave me an idea how the job process work. With this I became more clear and confident.
This course teaches me many essential skills to improve my resume, interview questions answering.
its really great course to learn and to use this for our career development. Thank you very much.
This course help me knew how to prepare myself before apply for a job and made me more confident.
I would recommend to every one who is willing to advance his career and dont know where to start
I am from India, this course very helpful to all job seekers, in resume writing and interview...
Words would never be enough to describe how interesting and educative this course was.Thank you.
I did learned a lot of things that are essentials and vital for my Career Development. Thankyou!
thank you for all that is useful course i take it and thanks for teacher they are discriminating
its very interesting course about to be prepared to seeking a job in United States. very helpful
The course material is excellent. Every class is well explained. Thanks to the team behind this.
Thanks for this course, I am very happy to have learned about how to search and apply for a job.
great course to learn how to approach the employers and how to write a letter using action verbs
This course is really good if you want to move to an English country and you have to find a job.
this is a greet course. better opportunity to learn how to make your own resume and cover letter
Enjoyed every bit of the course, a great resource for people looking for a job in North America.
Thank you so much. I have learned many new things about resume, cover letter, and job interview.
Great course I have joined ever. It covers the whole job hunting n career learning. Very useful
I am very lucky to be a part of that course.I am greatful to my helpful ad friendly instructors
Amazing work by both thee instructors i learned many more new things from the course. Thank You
It is an amazing lesson! I learn a lot from my teachers and classmates from all over the world.
The lessons are concise and can be easily comprehend with. The instructors taught impressively.
Excellent course! I would like to suggest everyone who like to learn new Technics to do resume.
This is the first course I learned. It was amazing. I thought I will learn a lot for my career.
I really learned a lot of valuable stuff in which can be very helpful with my future endeavors.
easy to understand and  the main elements  easy to keep . provide me by very useful information
I like this course.The lecturers teached well and i like the course structure also.So excellent
This is the right place to learn about Carrer Development and to improve your English as well.
I really enjoy this course.  It puts my mind at top.  I feel learn a lot.  Thank you Coursera.
Awesome course that help you to develops skills and help you to get ready for a job interview!
Wonderful course , Love the break down of how to write a professional cover letter and resume.
Lots of thing to learn about your c.v., your cover letter and interviews! Totally recommended!
Definitely excellent, great way to help people's life improve!Thanks and good luck to you too!
It is so nice course, ıt is improve your skills to find a job effectively. Thank you so much!!
I´m grateful with Pennsylvania University and Coursera this is a Great Job for people like me.
I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants learn about how to prepare for job hunting
The course was clear and easy to understand even for people who don't know English very well.
I really like this course, it is the very useful for learning. I totally recommend taking it!
This course is very informative and helpful for the development of the theoretical knowledge.
Very resourceful and interactive. I'm so glad to came across this course. Highly recommended!
English for Career Development was very well.And I like it.It takes me a nice time.thank you.
This course is very useful for my  future studies.I really enjoyed studies.Thanks all members
This is a very good course for the beginners. Lots of helpful tips to get to the  Interview .
A great course for beginners or job applicants. It also makes me able to start a new career.
In carrer development skills I can learn some more information about our strength and comply
I was a great learning experience. I recommend this to anyone trying for career development.
The explanations are excellent and it shows that they took their time to develop the course.
thanks to my great lecturers for giving us this opportunity to learn this career development
It is very important course for me I learn so many things from this course thank you so much
That's good course. Thank you so much for your helpfully information. Wish you all the best!
Thank you so much. I learned a lot from this online course. I hope to have another one soon.
its a good course is really increase my knowledge thanks for Brian McManus and Robyn Turner
It was an awesome experience for me and I'm to have great teachers. Thank you, mam and sir.
It was a great course, I am very happy that I am able to complete the entire course. Thanks
I loved this course and I learned a lot of things I did't known before thank you for effort
Its a good course but it should provide us with atleast a printable certificate for free :(
enjoyed learning. very simple and clear i.Exercises to check the understanding was awesome
Good information to improve the resume, cover letter and be prepare for an interview in US
I love this course because I  am able to write a resume and cover letter in the right way.
Very effective course for those who are recently graduated and looking for a suitable job.
The course is really good, the videos  and readings are excellent. I really appreciate it.
these cousera its give knowledge for us and other the skills to become focus into reality.
I have done several courses on this platform, but I must say that this is one of the best.
Easy to learn with great tools. I got new knowledge after learning this course, thank you.
It an excellent course specially if you need to know how to deal with job interviews, CVs.
I get a lot of knowledge and insight on how to present myself in market to get a good job
Very informative, I have enjoyed the whole learning process. It is very useful in future.
It's very important to do This course.  Is an important to must to the new professionals.
Thank you corsera to giving this opportunity to get a certificate it is essential for me.
It´s greats , the course is very good and important for my professional future.Thank you.
I have learned so many new things from this class. I am happy to be a part of this class.
Course is not difficult and it has valuable information if you are looking for a new job.
It gave me a lot of tools and strategies to improve my career development, and my english
this course is too good for beginners. professors are excellent specially lady professor.
very helpful! I have learnt so many things from this course and they all are practical :)
I like this course i gratitude instructors and university, i would like to thank Coursera
It is an extremely beneficial course. I learned new things which are helpful in my field.
This course allowed me to improve my resume and show a new opportunity to look for a job.
Excellent and Perfect course for career Development.Faculty in this course are too good.
Excellent both , I learned much about that how realized the resume and the cover letter.
This Course Is Very Much Helpful and Very Much Useful to Everyone Mainly to me.Thank you
Very didactic and helpful to learn english and to be prepare to find a job. I Recommend.
Excellent course! The authors are great! Thank you for the lovely time spent. Good luck!
Whith this curs i learned the inglish languaje and find the job correctlyCONGRATULATIONS
thanks alot i learned alot of things i.e maniging my time as well as knowing my mistakes
Having completed this course, I realized, how many mistakes I made during the interview.
This is my first course on coursera. It's great! Hope I can spend more time on learning.
Thanks for Coursera for this opportunity. It is good start on my career management path.
Great course for thouse who have some problem with speaking in english in job interview.
Thank you very much, i really enjoy learning from you.Thanks a lot and God bless you all
This course is very useful and very well structured. Congratulations for the initiative.
its so good! like its a good practice for those who need and willing to try this course.
excellent lecturers with clear pronunciation for second language learners with subtitle
A good course which can quickly help you to increase your chances for finding a new job
It was very informative, i really enjoyed it and learn so many things from this course.
It's a good option to learn how to make a good cv, resume and being a better interviwee
It is a good course and everyone should get this as it teaches us how to get job easily
amazing course that all what can i say, it helped me to enrich my vocabulary and skills
I find this course very helpful and interesting . Thank you very much for your course .
it was very helpful to me and I learned more things about applying for a job ,thank you
i will recomend for another people. vert useful for doing resume and cover letter ect.
Good one.Every professional should do it.It will certainly help them in their carrier.
It really helped me a lot, I can describe the growth of my knnowledge since I started.
Good course , very complete ! thanks you very much ! Greetings from Chile Southamerica
outstanding teachers and relevant topics really useful when you are looking for a job!
Great introducing unit by unit.  Practicing the understanding the course is wonderful.
thank you :) i have little bit learning its so satisfying to learned here at coursera.
Great primer on how to find a job and eventually ace the interview and secure the job.
this course really help me improve my English skills and develop my job seeking skills
This is a good course to have a sense of what the employment market works (in the US).
It was awesome to learn more career vocabulary and to practice all the english skills.
This course gift me understanding about job application process. I'm really thankful.
I really liked the course. The information is provided easily, accessible. Thank you.
It was a awesome experience for improvement of English and mistake we make in Resume.
I have a wonderful experience. it's all content and way of teaching style is awesome.
Nicely designed and really well for all the working professional, easy to understand.
Excellent course,i learn new bocabulary and refresh my Knowledge about English idiom.
Great course. Very well explained and very Helpful for career development. Thank you!
I migrated to the US recently, so this course is helpful for me. Thank you very much.
thanks for the course, was great and thank you to coursera , UP and government of US!
IT HELP ME TO IMPROVE MY COMMUNICATION AND PRESENTATION FOR PROFESSIONAL JOB SERVICE.
Great course, it's very simple to undertand. I'm really excited to fisinh this course
This course is improve me to interview the job and very strongly recommend to learn .
Very useful course , I feel completely different after completing it . Thanks a lot !
The course uses a step by step approach of which I think accommodates every student.
Very Informative Lectures. Thanks to the Mentors and Thanks to Coursera Platform ...
The course is really great, and the coaches have a great way to communicate the idea
Thank you my pretty teachers.good work.I hope to join another course with you again.
thanks to profesors that im more experienced because of their high teaching talents
Recommend! Thank You for this course. It was really helpful and useful information.
good course for freshers helps to understand the small small things related to job.
Thank you so much really I learned alot of things in this course thank you teacher.
Great job! I learned  a lot of English and improved my ways of searching for a job.
This course is really help me for developing my English language and career skills.
This is amazing course and show me wide vision about interviewer process in the US.
I enjoyed the course, it was very useful, thank you very much for this opportunity.
Really good information and tips to improve our skills and chances in an interview.
It is a great course which everyone must consider taking. The tutors are excellent!
A really good course, I learned new things and this helps me to improve my english
I really enjoy this course. I learned a lot about seeking a job and how to get it.
Excellent course.I really enjoyed the course and i learned a lot .Thanku coursera.
Very helpful and knew so many new things during these classes.Thank you So much !!
Its more interesting and challenging but i learned more something about the course
Excellent Course, Well explained. Additionally, the material  provided are so good
I learned a lot in this course and enjoyed doing it. I really recommend taking it.
Thank you very much for such an interesting course! I was really pleased to study.
i really enjoyed the activities and games they give to easily educate each student
This is  one of the best courses  to improve English skill.Thanks for course!!!!!
This course is very good, It's specifically about all the process for find a job.
specific detail course every job seeker need to learn for professional employment
I feel very satisfied, I am pretty sure the course will help me in my job search.
Excellent course, i improve my  knowledge! It will be very useful for my carreer!
Thank you 
University of Pennsylvania, I learned to much and improve my grammar .
Great course, especially for a non-native speakers. Thanks a lot for instructors!
I really like this course, it's simple but amazing! Thank you for the opportunity
highly recommended. teachers are best their ways to teach. everything is awesome.
I think is a great course because is easy to follow and also you can learn a lot.
i would like to send me my certificate because of i have faced financial problems
I had a great experience. The tutors are really good at explaining and detailing.
A very good course to enhance and shape the professional outlook of an individual
Thank you very much for the course! It was very interesting and important for me.
Wonderful.NIce methodically work the PEN. Simple video and explanation.Thank you.
This is a very good career development course. It so detailed and comprehensive.
It was very insightful and I really learnt a lot. Thank you for the opportunity.
Excellent course, I improved my English and learned how to behave in interviews.
is a perfect way to improve your reading and your comprehension of the language.
Incredible useful, well structured, clear directions, exercises, and assignments
Excellent course, thanks for the enthusiams and dedication  put into creating it
Thank you to the teachers-Robin and Brian. You are super! From Russia-with love.
This is best course for improve knowledge about career & improve english skills.
I am so happy because I have learned a lot of new and useful things thank you :)
Now I am fair enough to attempt a successful interview with enough helping tools
I could improved my listening and reading skills. And i would develop my career.
A very useful course. I learned important things to get a good job. I recommend!
I liked this course. Have a good professionals and articles.Thank for your help.
the way of teaching is very simple and given examples are very easy to corelate
This has been one of best course which teaches you about the job search system.
Thank you very much for that course. I hope you get the happiness in your life.
Big shoutout to Bryan and Robyn for very informative and well explained course.
It's really helpful to me, thanks the two instructors, and thanks COURSERA too.
IT was very usefull to develop writing,listening and speaking in english for me
I really interested in this course and i learned more about career development.
I've learned so much to this course and the instructors are effective teachers!
It's very helpful for all of us the students,  and thank you for the learnings!
amazing helpful course i am glad that i had the opportunity to take this course
Excellent course !Many interesting videos and readings, easy to learn content.
great courses but why you don't give as a certificate of finishing this course
excellent course, congrutalations to the exponents. It was a great help for me
This course is Excellent! There are much good and practice tasks for learning.
I really learned a lot in this course, I'll highly recommend it to my friends.
It is good for non-native Learners. The explanation is so easy to understand.
Excellent for people who do not have English as their mother tongue, like me!
Amazing course for developing by yourself! Thank you so much for free access.
This was great! I learned a lot that I can apply in further work and learning
This course is really useful for me. It helps in developing my career skills.
Excellent Course for people to whom are starting to find a job in better way.
This course is so good. It will help me to prepare to get a nice job position
I've learned a lot from this course. Thanks for making this available online.
This course is very helpful! I learnt  a-lot of good things from this course.
I like teacher's of English for career development and teaching is very good.
it was an excellent course and amazingly delivered by the esteemed professors
Very excellent! It's quite easy to understand the lessons and incredibly fun!
Thank you for the wonderful course and excellent presentation of information.
Very nice course and useful for someone who looking for job.i recommended it!
Outstanding!!! thank you for to make the effort!!! I really appreciate that.
Excellent course & valuable info for the freshers entering the Job Market :)
Excellent course!! I am very happy because allow me to improve my knowledge.
I love it this course, is very interactive and interesting.Helped me in much
It's a great option to review all the basic things in the job search process
It's helpful and I would like to learn more information through the website.
This course is really effective for university students and fresh graduates!
very good course, useful for students especially for fresh graduate students
This course allows students to obtain a good preparation for the job search.
enjoyed this Course, it was helpful and I learned several things Thank you !
Course with excellent content, teachers with great experience in the market.
All I would like to know about how to prepare myself for career development.
Thanks for this course, i enjoy a lot and i learned a lot too!Best regards!
Coursera gave the edge for the development of career and knows the skills..
Great course to improve your own resume, cover letter and interview skills.
This course is very helpful for those who are entering into the job market.
I have learned so much new things in this class  . Thanks to the teachers .
i have learned  a lot new form this course thank you very much to help us /
Really amazing course that make us understand the steps to get a employment
In this course, I learned many skills and It will will be useful in my life
This course is nice and it helps to build your knowledge for a job process.
Very creative course highly recommend for those who want to get a good job.
Really useful education. Thanks for this free videos. I appreciate that! :)
It is very well paced and up to date with the current needs of job seekers!
I am searching for a new job and this course helps me a lot. Thank so much!
This course is usefull. I know how to prepare a professional resume. Great!
good course for non-native speakers to learn English for career development
It was great. I learned a lot about resume, cover letter and elevator talk.
A great way to keep in contact with america market and practice my english.
This course was an amazing learning. I've personally learnt a  lot from it.
It was really useful!The course went well and the instructors were awesome.
I thank so much the professors for this course. It was very useful for me.
A wonderful course to learn about the form of hiring in the united states.
It was a great experience and i learned a lot from this cours.Thank you!!!
Very Useful and helpful to increase my skills and abilities as job seeker.
It is a good lesson for beginners who is trying to get a job in America :)
Very good course, learned a lot of new information and learned new things.
I really learned so much in this course. Thank you to all the instructors.
It's a beautiful course and useful. Thanks for giving us this opportunity.
Very good course! The way that it is touch is very clear and understandble
Thank you for a good way of teaching, thank you for the knowledge as well
It was good experience for me... It is best for the career development...
This course is amazing. My eyes are now open to things I was ignorant of.
It is very useful we learn so much. It gives tremendous experience to me.
Very informational, I believe this course should be worth college credits
The course was designed well and perfectly described by both the experts.
I APRECIATE ALL THAT STUDY, IAM REALY ENJOY THIS CLASSES! THANKS PEN ....
So helpful and informative course! Couchers are so remarkable! Thank you!
Thanks. it was a pleasure to see your delighted faces during these weeks.
Nice course , it gives me all soft skills, which are needed to get a job.
This course gave me new insight to career development process. Thank you.
Awesome!, I really enjoyed it! Thank you so much for this kind of course
i really enjoyed this course , i learned a lot . THANK YOU TEACHERS !!!!
I have really liked it course as it is consisted of step by step process
That course is important to me, It is useful , interesting and Valuable.
It is a good course and the Teaching is very good i had understand well.
Great course. A must-have for individuals looking to start their career.
Give me a lot of information, and now i feel more confident about myself
I found this course concise and well structured. Thank you dear teachers
it is very useful online course . i learned many things. thank u so much
I learned a lot of things and tips I can use when I enter the real world
All the tasks were easy, but easy because it was well explained, thanks!
i rated this course  5 star because it give new skill toward your career
It helps fresh graduates to be knowledgeable and boost their confidence.
Thank you for the opportunity to join this course with the best teacher.
Great course to get into the world of job seeking and career development
It's a useful course both to learn English and to help you to find a job
The course is very good. I have learned many things that I did not know
Must try course for an undergraduate. Helped me a lot for job interview
It was so amazing to be part of the course I will enroll another course
Thanks tutors for good explanation of the basics of career development.
very helpful for improvement english skills and job applications tricks
it is an amazing, organized and well-prepared course .thanks Coursera.
Can't be thankful more , you are really professional and useful for me
Good Course outline i enjoyed learning CV writing and interview skills
It was a very good course, all of the contents are carefully developed
This is a great course for those who want to develop their job career.
Great material and videos, it was easy to understanding and follow up.
I've learnt a lot from this course. This course is best for beginners.
Excellent Course! I'd definitely recommend it to people in my network.
very well coourse I learned and prepared for the future job applicants
It was interesting, easy to understand, and really helpful! Thank you!
A very useful, valuable course .... thank you so much for your efforts
The Course is informative and helps to improve my skill set.Thank you.
It really help me to write better. Resumes and over letter in English.
Good course. It is really helpful for a refresher of English speaking.
Clear guide on how to write a CV and be prepared for the job interview
Thank you very much for this wonderful course, I'm really enjoying it.
Excelent, very good for basic and lower intermediate English learners.
This is an awesome course I have improve so much since I got involved.
A good course. I learn so many things. Really grateful to the Mentor.
A useful course for entry-level job seekers, with lots of vital tips.
I really enjoyed it and benefited a lot from this beautiful course...
Thank´s for a great course, i hope see you again soon i other course.
I have really enjoyed the learning process and now I have many skills
Very good course. It gives you a huge perspective of the job hunting.
very interesting and interactive for a debutant or intermediate level
The course is very well structured and helpful . Highly recommend it!
Great experience in obtaining online certificate. Thank you Coursera.
This course is very helpful for those who searing for job,interviews.
It is very informative course and the teachers are very professional.
REALY VERY GOOD LEARNING ENGLISH COURSE I LOVEE IT THANK YOU COURSERA
Thus course helped me a lot through my job search process. Thank you.
It is very useful to me. This is the first online course that I take.
It was very good and motivating.Something very interesting and useful
Very good course. But I think some exercises could be more difficult.
Great experience which has given me proper plan to get job I want to
The material was very clear and easy to follow. I really enjoyed it.
It was good. I learned some new words, vocabulary, and presentation.
very useful course , I recommend everyone to take this course.Thanks
Professional teachers and very useful? productive course. Thank you!
Thank you very much! This was very useful and very important for me.
Excellent experience, I highly recommend  , thanks for your support!
It was incredible, I learned a lot of new things that I do not know.
Great mentors and very simple explanation for every thing. Thank You
Really good course for people which is not from USA! I recommend it!
It a best course that can be helped you to ready for the future job.
Very nice, its really easy to understand and learn some more skills.
Very important course. Its is simple, practical, and very efficient.
An Excellent course. I recommend everyone who is working to take it.
This course is totally informative and useful for my future success!
It is a excellent course. I learned so many things from this course
I strongly recommended this course! The course above the standards.
I really enjoy this course and I get the good knowledge of English.
This course is really informative and help me a lot with my english
Thank you very much, the content was excellent and I learned a lot.
I learned how to write a resume and cover letter in the correct way
This course is astounding for anybody to want to make an interview.
I'm so glad you make this courses for everybody. Thank you so much!
I like it a lot and I learned many new things, thank you very much!
Everything from the instructors up to the videos is understandable.
Nice and useful course, especially if you are not a native speaker.
I am really grateful for the opportunity to study with this course.
It was such a helpful course with many tips and useful information.
It is really great to know about standard system of applying a job.
One of the best courses i have ever taken online, amazing advisers!
Complicated things is described very simple and essentially useful!
Awesome Course by coursera. It helps me a lot in my career journey.
It's one of the best courses i have ever learnt, thank you so much.
It is very comprehensive, despite its short lectures. Very helpful!
It is very short and clear, specific. I learned many thing. Thanks!
I am about to have an interview next week. So useful. Wish me luck!
Very easy and specific way to teach english for career Development
Amazing course!! Thank you for providing such wonderful knowledge.
Loved the course from the beginning until the very end. Thank you.
Thank u for teach me to development my English for the job search.
I learn many things in this course but I can't get my certificate.
The course is nicely designed and the assignment and quiz are good
The instructor well explained each and every topic in this course.
very important information in a short time.very useful and great .
I loved the course.Its refreshing in during the times of lock down
Really helped me develop skills for future employment development.
The English for career development is good you can get certificate
this cours is so good and helpful i learn so much and iam so happy
It's awesome to learn professional English for Career Development.
This app or website is very useful particularly like me. A student
Useful course for candidates aspiring for different job positions.
Excellent topic which is very effective for developing the career.
I loved the course a lot and the teaching strategy was wonderful.
The Trainers are so clear and simple for those who wants to learn
its  a very good course .probably the best course i have ever did
This is very useful and enjoyable course. Thank you mam and sir..
It's amazing, i think that i learned a lot with the curso. Thanks
Really interesting and uselfull. Great work. I have learnt a lot.
It is one of the best courses for English for Career Development.
It is very helpful for someone who's currently looking for a job.
Thank you for this course. Everything clearly and totally useful!
this helps my skills in terms of proper use of words and grammar.
Realy useful and understandable course even for b1-level english.
I loved this course. Helped me a lot to develop my english skills
A good course if your principal motivation is to get a good job.
I find the course stimulating, fun and easy. Highly recommended!
Very useful course...I really enjoyed learning with coursera....
Love this course. Really a lot or useful information. Thank you!
I love the games and of course the knowledge they share with me.
It was a good course and i learned a lot of new things . Thank u
this English for Career Development is really helpful to evryone
it is really good and I learned a lot, so I recommend  it to you
It gives me motivation to upgrade my knowledge about this things
Good Course, nice teachers and now I'm prepared for an interview
Outstanding course it was I really enjoyed a lot to do this work
Well explained, fun and very helpful. Professors are wonderful.
Best course for job seekers in this current competitive markets
It was really interesting and useful for me! Thank you so much)
It was a very good course. Accurate, easy and very educational!
The course was just awesome! Special thanks to the instructors.
I must recommend to my classmate and other friends to use this.
Perfect Course for my language skills and job-seeking knowledge
Very Good. I loved this course. Very interesting ... Thank you
Basic course but it is great to start in the online course !!!
i learned a lot from this course thanks for these information.
important detailed information for career developmentthank you
This course will definitely will help you develop your career.
Very interesting. I can apply what I learnt in my current job.
I really enjoy learning this course online. It's very helpful.
Very good and effective, even if your job market isn't the USA
its really a good for english and also for career development
Perfect in everyway, Please fund my certificat, I can not pay
I find it one of the best navigations for career development.
Very good course, I am very happy and proud to be part of it.
Best short course for Career Development. Highly recommended!
It's very usefull and interesting course. I'm very satisfied!
Is  a great couse    an d good teacher, is clear information
Excellent! everything was absolutely amazing in this course.
Such a wonderful course! I really enjoyed doing this course.
I really love the course. Way of teaching was awsome, clear.
I learned so many things about career development, thank you
it give me some unknown information and innovative Technic .
It was a good experience and learned a lot from this course.
I THINK IT IS USEFUL PROGRAM, I HAVE LEARNED A LOT OF THINGS
Its a best course to learn more about our career development
Thank you very much for the opportunity that you gave to us!
Excellent! Very didactic and practical. Thank you very much.
This course good for what should I prepare for getting job.
A great course. I learned a lot about American job culture.
Really good content for who wants to prepare for a meeting!
I think all the people must do this course! Really helpful!
excellent, easy to follow and the teachers engage very well
I liked it so much. There is a very good structure. Thanks.
he course was excellent the platform is very well developed
because i liked it very much and i didn't want to it finish
it was such amazing to be in this course and learn a lot..!
I really like this course, I contribute to my great benefit
Great and really valuable course for new job seekers in US.
Great Course, thank you for you help!! 

I am very grateful
It's amazing course, that helps me a lot.Thank you so much.
extremely useful for people with intermediate english level
Excellent curse, for me was so useful.Nancy Gomez-Katofilow
Very good organised content of this online course . Thanks!
Course help for people who want to be develop their career.
I enjoyed learning this course and I learnt lots of things
Interesting course with great tips for Career Development.
A simple yet great course for people who are seeking jobs.
It is a amazing plat form for who want to learn new things
Good course , the Tutors were excellent. Very well taught.
i found this course very useful for my career development.
Excellent course.   Very Easy to complete.   Thanks a lot.
Great Class for the English as a second language learner!!
well drafted course with good detailing on every subject .
This is very helpful when I apply for a job in the future!
The teachers explain very well, the class is entertainment
Wonderful of learning way Nice material Excellent Platform
It is so benefit for all job seekers.I recommend seeing it
It helped me a lot to apply improvements in this process.
This course is very interesting. I have a wonderful time!
Very helpfull in carrier devlopment, boost the confidence
Thank you for this opportunity and improve my confidence.
Excellent course and awesome teachers. Thank you so much!
Thank you so much .Im so happy that I have learned a lot.
It is the perfect course for job seekers. 100% recommend.
Thank you! It's my first course here and I like teachers!
Excellent course to apply the knowledge in everyday life.
It’s very good, it’s a good online course and very useful
This is one of the best courses to get started in career.
kindly waiting my certificate thanks i wish i would get.
really great course an very sample thank you very much .
i learn new model resume,cover letter ,do's and don'ts .
I learned a lot from this course, thanks a lot Coursera.
One of the best courses I ever had, Totally recommended!
Excellent Explanations of English for Career Development
I really liked this course, tank you for the developers.
Really I loved this course s a job seeker in the market.
Its a good course,very helpful and easy to understand .
Excellent course! Congratulations to the Coursera team!
It was an excellent course. It reaches my expectations.
This course will help your career development. So good!
It was very helpful for the young budding professionals
I enjoyed the presentation & the way of learning a lot.
The practicality of the course exceeded my expectations
This course was very helpful to improve my career in US
A very interesting course with lots of things to learn.
It was a very nice experience. I learned about US jobs.
It is very helpful to get a job and career development.
It is a very interesting and useful course! I recommend
this course will enhance and give knowledge to everyone
I learned a lot in this course, was very useful to me.
I want my certificate because I dont have job recently
Good course for anyone to help you to do you interview
excellent teaching method,properly explains everything
It was a great and informative course. I recommend it.
Excellent! i learned a lot of things, is a good course
Very good videos, easy to understand, reach materials!
Is the best course of English ,  thank you very much !
Excellent course specially for freshers & new joiners.
Great for career development. thanks to the instructor
I gained a lot of new knowledge in taking this course.
I loved the course, I found it very efficient didactic
Very helpful if you are looking jobs in the US market.
nice , really need to say thanks  like your job career
This course has been very helpful for my application.
Great opportunity to improve your english  skills  !!
Happy to accomplished this Course will help me a lot.
Thanks. The course is amazing and easy to understand.
Its an amazing  and informative  course i should say.
Very good course! I really enjoy.Thank you very much!
a great course for people looking for the Job process
It is a good way to start your searching job process.
It is a wonderful course with the wonderful teachers.
This is one best online course that I ever have done.
It is one of the best online course I have ever seen.
Enjoyed the online learning and explored my knowledge
It was a good experience and i learnt many new things
Very Helpful Course. Thx For all who prepared for it.
This course is awesome and very useful. Thanks a lot!
I loved this course! It will certainly help me a lot!
I think it is an essential course for all job seeker.
so important  to get or submitting or a job vacancies
I loved, I am very graceful because i learn so much.
Thank you teachers for guiding me learn this course'
It is a great course at the top. Thank you very much
Great advice to make a plan and have a success story
Congratulations teachers. The course isn very useful
its really amazing its very help for me in my career
I find this course is very beneficial for me. Thanks
This course is very useful. Really I thank coursera.
I would have liked to know about this course before.
Thank you very much i learned a lot with this course
thanks for this course I am appreciate you r efforts
Thanks a lot for very interesting topics. Good Luck!
This is awesome for enhance the skills in job field.
is awesome for non english speakers!! i recommend it
The course taught me an important thing - be myself.
It is a very useful course .Many thanks to Coursera.
This course is so good and can improvement my skill.
I have completed my course and to get my certificate
The course it's amazing. Thanks for the opportunity.
It´s excellent and very practice. I liked very much
It's very interesting and helpful at the same time.
Nice, and a very helpful course! Enjoy it as I did!
Very informative! I learned a lot from this course.
Thanks for this course,thank you so match Coursera.
Very good content. It very suitable for job seekers
Good and the best one to study online..... Loved it
Amazing cource and wonderfull teachers! Thank You!!
It is more interesting and also gives new knowledge
I recommend that course, it was very useful for me.
very good course helpful interesting to complete it
It seems reslly good to me. Moreover it is helpful.
it's a really really really good course, thank you.
it was a very useful course and very helpful for me
Thanks for helping me to learn about getting a Job.
I will miss these amazing lectures. Learned a lot.
English for Career Development IS VERY GOOD COURSE
This course is really helps me..thank you Coursera
Excellent content with the best practicing as well
Great!Well Done.Very interesting course.Thank You!
Very good and beneficient course. Thank you a lot.
Really helpful if you want to find a job in the US
Incredible! Thank you so much for so good content.
An splendid course with a huge amount of learning.
Very good to improve and practice our english.....
It was really cognitively, interesting and useful!
Well-organized structure and clearer presentation.
A very good course to develop career with English.
Thank you for great platform for online education!
Thank you very much . This course is very helpful.
A great online learning free course and thank you.
I improve my English career by this course .thanks
it was very advisable for me, thank you very much
i like very much this course , thank you soo much
It was an amazing experience.Thank you.Good luck.
I enjoyed and satisfied so much with this course.
Good Apps and good to have this kind of activity.
thank you for giving us opportunity to learn onli
Great course!!! Super teachers!!! Thanks a lot!!!
It is an excellent course for career development.
Wonderful course for non-native English speaker!
The instructors were kind and helped me greatly.
course very important for prepare for search job
I learn new thing very important in this course.
thank you very much help me improve my knowledge
It was very interesting and useful. Thanks a lot
I recommend this course for university students.
It was a great course, thank you to all the team
Thank You! I feel more confident in my job seek.
Excellent course to help you in your job search.
I have learnt all job thing which will in future
it was very benefical for me. Thx for your offer
I found this course very useful and interesting.
Wonderful experience to learn with both trainer.
IT WAS REALLY NICE TO BE A PART OF THIS CORURSE.
thanks so much .is so amazing in usesful course.
That was very helpful course Thank you very much
that course is very important for fresh graduate
Excellent course!Very explanatory and didactic.
It is great and so helpful course for everybody
Great way to learn and getting ready for  a job
Fun. The word uses are very easy to understand.
Well organized, Briefly explained. Thanks alot.
Very helpful and interesting course, thank you!
Great! Thank you very much for this possibility
Thank you so much USA you are the best xo xo xo
That is the perfect course, really appreciate..
Very good course after the first week studying.
This course helps me a lot to develop my career
good course for professional career development
In love with this course, thank you so much !:)
Very interesting. I really enjoyed this course.
This course help me to increase my confidence.
great course to attend, with great instructors
it is a great course, I learned a lot. thanks!
Very nice 👌 and helpful for new job seeker's.
It is the best platform for career development
one of the best courses that i take in my life
I really liked the course it's really helpful.
It is very good course for career development.
This course is amazing. Thanks to instructors.
I like that course .that course is very good .
This is very helpful, thank you and God bless!
this is an excellent course, it help me a lot.
Very helpful course. Thanks a lot, great work.
thank you ,I learned a lot of from this cours
excellent course to develop my english skills
Great course.  Very systematic and elaborate.
Provide a more elaborated samples as optional
nice we get to know about a lot of new things
Ver good introduction to the job seeker life.
It will paid off for your career development.
The course was better than ı expected, thanks
The course was career-oriented and excellent.
its an excellent course for beginner students
Good course to improve my English linguistic.
Nice this is the best way to learn in english
Really excelent course!! I really enjoyed it!
It is very excellent one.....................
At least you shared with us completion letter
I learned a lot of techniques and strategies.
this course really help people to find a job.
It was very interesting and easy to complete.
This course is very interesting. Many thanks.
This course is very very useful for everyone.
It's really nice course to improve our skill.
thank you for  the course and these paltform.
Thank for this course. It's a great App, too.
great tools to enhance the job seek process!!
very interesting, I learnt so much. Thank you
Very good Course for preparing an interview.
It is a great course and totally recommended
I enjoyed the course. Thanks to the teacher!
Excellent. I learned a lot from this course.
The instructors are great and very engaging!
It was fantastic course and I learned a lot.
Very nice and informative session. Thank you
Thank you! It was awesome studying with you!
It is very helpful and great learning course
Great course. It helped me to have a big job
VERY GOOD COURSE FOR THE CAREER DEVELOPMENT.
A  very helpful course for fresh graduates!
A good one and easy to achieve the success.
Was very helpful for my career development.
Very good course, especially for a fresher.
I really enjoy it. I learned many good tips
this course is very helpful for us students
Really is a great course, thank you for all
A lot of useful information.I recommend it!
It was great i love it and i learned a lot.
very helpful course for your future career.
good online lesson thank you for developers
Great course with good dinamic and material
Excellent way of teaching. I learned a lot.
Great help for my future career development
Excelente! I learned a lot! I recommend. :)
Thanks a lot! This is a very useful course!
amassing course , thank you for every thing
Great Course, I have learn so much from it.
Very Helpful course for career development
amazing teachers and their teaching skills
I really enjoyed every bit of this course.
It was the best course i studied online...
It was a really great course to start wit,
This course is very useful for my carrier.
A very pratical course. Highly recommended
Great! Great material, topics and classes.
Very useful course , wish you all the best
a lot of knowledge included in this course
I really love this course. I learned a lot
great class thanks a lot for the course!!!
Very helpful for future career development
this course really helpful. thank you.. :)
Wonderful experience. Thank you for all !
This are really good and healpful course.
Simplified and convenient way of learning
Simple course that focus on what matters.
Its goob to learn and way to seek english
It was a wonderful experience in my life.
This the greatest course I have ever seen
Easy to understand and was knowledgeable.
Astonishing course. I liked it very much.
Excellent course! I recommend to take it.
Good course which I meet in the internet.
very helpful and greatly designed course.
very benefical professional course thanks
This course was amazing! I learned a lot.
Best team that suport you no matter what!
Thanks coursera for giving me this chance
Awesome. Challenging. Great. Spectacular!
Great course, one of best i've ever had.
Excellent course with excellent teachers
This course is helpful to me. Very good!
Excellent,a good experience of learning.
I have no money for buy this certificate
very professional , rich and instructive
Best course ever for career development.
Enjoying every content in this course...
this is the best couse I've learned ever
This course was interesting and useful.
Great Course! I learned so many things!
Excellent course for career Development
Very clear explanation and useful Topic
I really enjoyed it was perfect skills.
Great course for going up in the career
Extremely Satisfied in all perspective.
Great for pre-intermediate!!!Thank you!
good knowledge about career development
I liked this course, it is very useful
I enjoyed it and i am really thankful.
Very good course! thank you very much!
I think teachers are absolutely great!
Well Structured and easy to understand
It is wonderful experience learn a lot
So good. A complety course of english.
GREAT COURSE , HELP US TO GET THE JOB.
I is very nice.I appreciate very much.
I gained more information. Thanks lot.
The course is very helpful. Thank you.
i enjoyed a lot in learning the course
thank you I learnt from you very much.
It was an excellent course ,Thank you.
Thank you so much,it was a great time.
This course was really useful for me !
It really helps in advancing a career.
This great to learned about interview.
Really nice course for beginning users
very useful and helpful, great course.
This course is very useful. Thank you!
Thank you for a very practical course!
Great course! It is help me very well.
super useful the best course ever !!!!
wonderful and very useful...Thank you
very well taught ...excellent teacher
It was a significant step to success.
good and valuable course for students
In Coursera i have a lot more learn .
Great course with excellent teachers.
Nice course it will help in interview
It's really helpful and easy to learn
Very nice and interesting experience.
The teacher was excellent. Thank you.
This course is extremely useful to me
Great course! It's concise and clear!
It was an interesting way of learning
I really learn many things thank you.
I enjoy the course, very interesting.
Very Useful, Thanks for these course.
Good courses with good presentations.
It's just a super-interesting course!
good course, give me a lot of skills
It is very good course for freshers.
Very good course! I learned so much.
Very informative and knowledgeable .
Is a course very helpful.  Thank you
So Interesting, Thank you very much.
Great course with very good content!
thank you very much for this  course
This course is beautifully designed.
Thank you for this wonderful course.
Very usefull and good for job seeker
It was a very nicely grafted course.
Great course!!! Thank you so much!!!
Gud improve the skills and knowledge
Very easy to learn but very valuable
Great Online Course and very helpful
I have learned so much, thank you 😊
It's wonderful, i liked this course.
It was a course that I enjoyed most.
It's really helpful for interviews.
Very useful and instructive course.
It's very clear and in a smooth way
That's a great course! I've ynjoyed
It is  really a productive course !
Easy to understand and very useful.
Very useful and organized. Thanks!!
Owsom course for career development
Very interesting and helpful course
Extremely good, highly recommended.
Thank you very much for the course!
Thank you for teaching this course.
I REALLY ENJOYED TO DO THIS COURSE.
It was really helpful and educative
That was really great and fabulous.
It was a very enriching experience.
Very good course and useful, thanks
Very good course for me. I love it.
thank you so much it helps me a lot
It is a good tool to look for a job
Very useful and exciting experience
best to improve the english skills
It was amazing, I learned so much.
Archived much knowledge. Thank you
the best course to improve English
Excellent course! Thanks Coursera!
Thanks, it was a great experience!
Really beneficial course in Career
it help me alot, thank you so much
This is a course that really worth
Perfect! This could help me a lot.
Very useful for career development
interesting course, really like it
its a great platform for learning.
Well organized and amazing course!
thank you very much for helping me
That's helpful, thank you so much.
The course is perfectly prepared !
Very good course, I really learned
It was incredibly amazing course.
very good course for a job seeker
amazing courseThank you very much
It’s a really interactive course.
good explanation and undestanding
Fully satisfied with the lectures
It's really practical and useful.
Good communication skills program
Good one really found interesting
This course really teach me a lot
Thank you for sharing this course
I like and enjoyed it! Thank you!
clear, practical, and elaborative
Superb....learned a lot of things
everyone should take this course
very fine course for job seekers
Thank you for your great efforts
Really having a great experience
it was really a great experience
Many Thing I learned this course
Its really good app for learning
This course is really productive
This is the best course ever !!!
It was good to learn new stuffs.
Excellent Course and very useful
Very Useful. Thank You Very Much
It was excellent. Help me a lot.
Thank you for the great learning
i l have learned a lot from this
it help me a lot how apply a job
Than you for such a great course
Thank you! I have learned a lot.
i learned a lot in this course .
Outsanding standards of teaching
excellent tips for finding a job
good experience with this course
Very educational and informative
I like it . It’s a good course.
Fantastic! Thank you very much!
Great course! I enjoy it a lot!
Very good, very clear and kind.
Really this Course is wonderful
Thank you! I really enjoy it :)
Wonderful course . Learnt a lot
I get more successful knowledge
THIS COURSE MADE MORE CONFIDENT
Easy to learn and very helpfull
Thank you all for your support!
Fantastic work!Congratulations!
i love this course, i hope more
Very good i learned more things
Nice course for professionalism
Nice course and nicely teachers
it was an excellent experience.
Very good, thanks you very much
Great course. Enjoyed it a lot.
I loved this course, thank you!
great course everyone should do
Excellent! I really enjoyed it
Very interesting for my career
Great course for job interview
Thank you for being so helpful
excellent, crystal and helpful
taught me a lot of new things.
good and learning more  skills
I learned a lot in this course
Great professors and contents.
It is very helpful and useful.
Great information and material
Interesting and useful course!
Learning and grooming yourself
very helpful for every student
awesome course to work on with
Awsome cource its life changer
it's very useful course thanks
I learned a lot of things here
It is a good class! Thank you!
The best course to find a job)
It was amazing!! Thank you! :)
Learn very thing interesting.
Thanks, it was a great course
Great course for job seekers.
Great course... good content.
Very instructive and complete
A very well explained course.
it is great and useful course
Super!!! Thank you very much!
Good Course for the Beginners
Well designed and informative
Thankyou for this application
Very useful course!Thank you!
Thanks！！！It is really useful.
when did i get my certificate
I find it really interesting.
nice course thank you so much
EXCELLENT COURSE AND TEACHERS
very good and helpful company
Very educational and simple.
excelent!  loved this course
Great course, really helpful
I really enjoyed. Thank you.
very informative and helpful
Thank you, I learned a lot !
Great course and experience!
It build my confident level.
Simply Superb in all aspects
very interesting and helpful
I benefited a lot, thank you
good content and very useful
It is helpful for our future
Really good teaching skills!
A useful course for everyone
Excelent course. Many Thanks
I like this style of course.
Great course! really helpful
Easy to follow. Very useful.
Great teaching, very usefull
It's an informative course.
Great tips for acing a job!
Nice course and useful too.
Thank you! I learned a lot!
The course is simply superb
very suitable for this time
Very good and useful course
very useful and interesting
Cool and really informative
Great! Thank you very much)
Platform to learn a English
Effective learning activity
It's really wonderfulCourse
very good course and useful
thanks to All insectors...
love this course very much
Very informative, helpful.
One of the best that I do.
This was extremely helpful
great  learning experience
Great class, very helpful.
Very good learning  course
Great in basic development
It is an incredibly course
i really liked this course
It's really a great course
A big thanks to teachers:)
waw its very useful for me
Thank you for the lessons.
Great course for foreginer
Very intesting and useful.
Thank you. a job well done
Very good internet course.
The course was so amazing.
Thanks very useful course.
the best course I have it
More than my expectation,
It is useful for everyone
I loved studying with you
Good and practical course
It's fantastic... Really.
Helpful, wonderful course
I will back to the course
loved it and learnt a lot
Thorough and to the point
This is excellent course!
this is very good website
Thank you I learned a lot
such a good learning web.
I really love this course
I learned a lot thanks!!!
Very good class!Thank you
This course is very good.
great learning point.. :)
WAS EXCELLENT; THANK YOU
its very useful course .
its wonderful experience
Excellent! Very helpful.
great and comprehensive!
It was excellent for me.
Productive and effecient
Thanks wonderful session
It's really very useful.
Thank you for helping me
Excellent!!! I loved it!
tools to apply for a job
I have liked the lessons
Very very  useful course
It is a very nice course
great course! Thank You!
One of the great course.
This course is amazing!!
The Course was exciting.
I was pleased to study!
Excellent!!, thank you.
the course is very good
Give so much knowlegde.
I learned a lot. Thanks
got excellent knowledge
Nice,it's really useful
Its a very good course!
Thanks for your course.
It was very helpful! ❤️
It's a very good course
it is really helpful...
really helpful. thanks
this is a great course
exactly the one i want
Thank you. Good course
is the best course !!
Really well organised
Thank you for help me
Good course to go for
It was good over all.
Its very educational.
loved the instructors
It is helpful for us.
Many thanks teachers!
Great work! Thank you
really helped a lot.
Love this course!!!!
the course was grate
So useful!Thank you!
It was very helpful.
Strongly recommended
It's a great course!
Tutors were amazing.
Thanks! very useful!
It was great course.
I LOVED THIS COURSE.
It's a great course.
A very good course !
I love this course !
thank you very much.
it's really helping.
It’s a great course!
I love this course!!
Good Course to learn
Excellent and useful
very helpful course.
Thank you very much!
it was so great ♥♥♥
a very nice course.
Thank you very much
I really like it!!!
its very helpful...
It's a great course
It’s a great course
Most helpful course
I like thes course.
It helped me a lot.
Perfect.. Thanks...
good English course
Useful for everyone
Great Instructors!
The Best! Amazing!
i liked the course
Loved the teaching
really really well
Excellent Thankyou
overload knowledge
THANKS ALL OF TEAM
I LOVE THIS COURSE
I LIKE THIS COURSE
Great way to learn
It is was amazing!
absolutely perfect
It's a great help
The best course !
very good subject
Vvery very useful
very knowledgable
It was wonderful.
Great opportunity
Thanks so much 🌹
very interesting!
Very satisfaction
I’ve learned alot
its very helpfull
very good for you
Basic but useful.
Amazing Course!!
It was wonderful
Awesome really!!
Good job on this
It's great MOOC!
Very Nourishing.
Really usefull !
It is wonderful.
It's pretty easy
Good and useful!
very helpful :)
Thank you team!
I am very happy
Good Oportunity
that is amazing
It's a good one
Very useful!TKS
Thanks coursera
it is so useful
Great work team
Its informative
It's so cool :)
it is helpful.
Amazing couse!
Very lucrative
Really thank u
It was awsome
Many insights
I am thankful
Very complete
I loved it :)
IT IS A NICE
it is great
Thanks!!!!
Perfect!!
The Best.
Great😊
This c
