indeed this course was very helpful for me, then the forum and classmates were given  a good support so this should engage me to continue study and increase my skills and qualifies. we should satisfy on the method and the lectures were giving to us on the screen with clear of slides and chunks.
Sorry, but the examples with Africa are too much... From one side are very depressive, from other perspective  - this is not relevant for me.It seems like a story from National Geographic, not a course.
I think, this is a bright journey and exceptional opportunity for me to explore in a career planning at  the new generation of century.
I finished this course and could not get certification at the end
give my results in email please I need it right now
It is not as advanced as it seems!
The English is quite basic and the explainer talk very very slow, which makes it exhausting and annoying to listen to. The knowledge gained from this course is good, but if you have pre-existing knowledge it will be just redundant. For me personally not a gain, but it might be for people with no experience in this area.
Great idea but unprofessional design and programming.Looks like nobody double-checked it before starts to offer it, especially for money.  Almost every Quiz and separate questions has programming bugs.Waiting for ver 2 ASAP.
English for Business and Entrepreneurship course is very comprehensive, very brief and very easy to understand for be gainers. All features of Entrepreneurship and language used for the Business and Entrepreneurship are well taken.
It only gives you a basic overview of start up's vocabulary. However, it is very simple for who has never experienced economics subjects.
Great Course. Assignments are the best part of the course.
Good test and great knowledge for business startup thanks
Good course in Professional
Basic but well done
The course is amazing . Recommend to all those having interest in the field of business and entrepreneurship. Although I have been a business studies student since last 4 years , I knew almost 90% of what was taught but no doubt I have learnt lot of new strategies, concepts , how to persuade investors and attract customers. During the Covid -19 pandemic, I’ve utilised this time learning new things. Thank you coursera
overall the course was very easy to understand and i must say i did learn a lot of new things here, had a lot of firsts too. thankyou for letting us have a free version. the only critisism i have is about the way the assignments are graded. there needs to be a way to make sure that the learners actually do these assignments properly.
One of the best course I have done in 2020 related to entrepreneurship and business along with the English language. Two authors are great and it is reflecting their experience and knowledge. I recommend this course for any person who wants to know and learn about entrepreneurship, business plan, finance and terms used in business.
This was my first course with Coursera and I really like the course, instructors and the syllabus covered. Incorporated Assignments were also good. It was a great help to think and plan about my start up business. After completing this course I am very clear how to process in it. Thanks a lot.
Overall in this Course lots of information is available On Business and Entrepreneurship.I learn lots and lots of information about Entrepreneurship like (product place price promotion).I really interested in Entrepreneurship that's why I'm taking in this course
Instructors is very warmly and clearly to give explanation, also this course is valuable for non native speaker to improve their English language skill. It is good course to follow it. Thank you for AE Institute, Coursera Team and lovely Instructors also UPENN.
I had an idea about a start up , but i am clueless, i had no idea from where to start. this course helped me to get a clear about entrepreneurship. this university is awesome.their teaching are clear and precise. had a great experience.thank you coursera!
I enjoyed the course. very informative, i had taken business classes at school about  7 years ago. the information i had in this course were refreshing and some were also knew giving the time that has elapsed since my graduation
Really useful to learn vocabulary and to get involved with the topics, easy to understand and they help you out with everything you need to understand. The assignments are very appropriate to learn. I liked it a lot.
Very interesting Course. Topics like Business Plan & Elevator were made simple and understandable.The appropriate English for Business and Entrepreneurship was taught. Many thanks to Faculty and the Coursera Team.
It's really good for especially newbies in business or those with intermediate English knowledge. You'll learn a lot from vocabulary to basic business planning. Good luck on your journey guys!
This course is really good. I came at it thinking I know English well and do not need to be taught like I'm a first grader. But I'm learning more about entrepreneurship. It is fantastic.
Good for starters and entrepreneurs whose mothertongue is not English. The tasks you have to achieve every week are doable and keep you productive. Explaining videos are the best. :)
Hello DearIt was a
great experience for me, I have greatly benefited, and the lecturers have high
communication skills that make students more attractive.Thank you
very much
I will recommend this course to anyone who would want to start their own business.  This course is also part of a start up process for your business to be successful.
I've learned many business terms and a lot about entrepreneurship. This is a very good course for beginners and intermediate learners. I personally like this course.
The Business and Entrepreneurship English Course helps people develop marketing strategies and learn more in advanced English. Thank to the Teachers!!!!!
Overall it's a fantastic course and it will help you in the future no matter what you do in life. Though I would like the teacher to talk a tad faster.
4,5/5 Good info about the basics of business and entrepreneurship. I would of liked it to be faster paced but overall a good course for beginners :)
I really like the course in general, it was a little challenging but the teachers really help you a lot!I've learned more than i knew, Thanks.
The course is easy to follow-up, maybe more basic than what I expected. But still is a great start for small businesses and entrepreneurs.
a very engaging course that uplifted me. made so easy for one to keep learning. i enjoyed the games and the assignments. thank you so much
Possibly a bit too simple for an advanced English learner. However, first time ever to complete a business plan writing. Pride of myself!
I can learn about Entrepreneurship. If my friend plans to be an entrepreneur or small business owner, then I will recommend this course!
Well structure in delivering the course of teaching and course works. I find it benefit me in the scope of content and steps guidance .
Great opportunity to learn about beginning a new business and how to prepare a business plan. It is a basic course, but it is helpful.
This course has given me greater knowledge and understanding about world of business. I've been inspired to start my own business.
It is good if you are looking for basic information, I did not finish the entire course, I think it was not right for me.
I learned the most basic and important things to be a entrepreneur and do it. I feel good, but I must continue learning.
Excellent online cours.  But the sound of the cours less important,  I would like that you review this. Thanks for all.
Very good, I suggest this course for everyone search about improve  reading skill  and English for entrepreneurship.
It was an intersting course I am thankful for information and the efforts from the instructorsThank you so much
It was good course knowledge wise. But, No CERTIFICATE was generated/provided even after successful completion.
It's very cool to learn 2 favorite subjects of all time at the same time!I will do my best for this course
The course was very easy to do, but I learned a few things about entrepreneurship. And that was my goal.
Its very trendy and informative course. Thanks Coursera for giving certification from dreem university.
Nice course. At the conclusion of course, you end up learning most of the important business aspects.
It's a very useful course which I can learn a knowledge framework of business and entrepreneurship.
Grear course. I have been improved my vocabularies in business a lot. Thanks for your supporting
Pretty basic, but it's a good course! I learnt quite a few words from the business world.
this course helped me in improving my language skill and making business strategies.
Great course! I'd give it 5 stars if the last assignment could get an expert review.
Perfect for learning the basic about Business, and to practice english on the way.
Is an amazing program, but maybe should be great to get more challenges for week.
Good for people who want to learn  about business and improve their vocabulary.
I like the course. The things I have learned are really valuable. Thank you.
There might be some interface and server issues, but it's almost perfect!
Fine course for start-up entrepreneurs  - I would highly recommend it
wonderful course for beginners who want to learn more about business
very interesting, easy to follow, well organizedstrongly recommended
I am glad that I got an opportunity to learn a lot this course.
Thanks for giving opportunity to learn this interesting course!
this course is interesting and containing full of knowledge.
it's a good course to practice english as a second language!
I would like to learn many great knowledges from this course
The course helped me improve my business management skills
it was very helpful and interesting, I learned so much.
It was really educational and easy to understand.
It's a good course for a beginner like me.
it is a great course and helpful
This program is very useful.
so helpful and beneficial
what a fantastic course!
It is very helpful!
Loved it! :D
Learn a lot
English for Business and Entrepreneurship course is a good and interesting course, i had fun learning.i'll definitely recommend the course to my loved ones. Kudos to the brain behind the course.
I enjoyed participating in this course because it was easy to follow, the structure was logical, a lot of repetition, a lot of useful specific vocabulary that was extremely well explained. Fantastic teachers! Thank you very much and I wish you all the best for your future! I also liked that the schedule was flexible and a learner was given a chance to take a test again in case it was not successfully completed for the first time.
With this course, I can have more knowledge in doing business, starting from having ideas to having funds and operating the startup. Hope to learn more about business process through other course.
Really enjoy it, with interactive features and relevant knowledge to both English and Entrepreneurship. Just be passion and try to focus and learn, take notes and follow till the end. Good luck!
What an entrepreneur need from describing your idea, market research, writing a business plan to making a persuasive pitch, the key element to attract potential investors. I do recommend this course
A cornerstone course for anyone wanting to improve their English with focus on Business & Entrepreneurship. Takes you through setting up you Business and the English you might need. Good Course!
This course was very useful for me in terms of remebering the Busines and Entrepreneuship concepts. This course is designed in easy and simple way to get knowledge on specific vocabulary. Teachers speak not fast and it is great for those who just starts to learn English for work or passing language exams. Course also have very bright, clear images, definitions and moreover it includes grammar classes. I can definitely advise this course that is led by teachers from Penn Unniversity.
This course helped me to develop certain skills such as how to create a Business Plan, how to conduct a Market Research as well as enrich my English Vocabulary on Business and Entrepreneurship. I really liked the combination of interactive features and relevant knowledge especially the instructors' videos because they were pleasant and beneficial at the same time. I do recommend this course.
This is an outstanding course. The bad thing was someone copied my work and plagiarize it and uploaded it as their work. It was about the business plan about Keto Brownies. The culprit name was "Sara Imran Butt". Unfortunately I didn't know what action was taken against the person because Coursera never got back to me again on the issue.
I'm so lucky that I have found this course. 
This is such a great course that provided me with an opportunity to study what I want to learn for free and with the very good quality and quantity. 
It took me a month and a little bit but it is worth my time 
I really appreciated all the lesson that you have done for us, teacher. 
Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart.
The way you teach is very easy to follow along with very memorable vocabulary and informative information.
After learn each lesson I develop myself a lot I gain more vocab and I can understand the business vocab which is very impressive. I can talk like I am a business owner or a start up business.
I can even  catch up the subject at my university more easily ^_^ 
I love this course  
THis is one of my favourite course.

THank you so much University of Pennsylvania.  for giving me a chance to study even though I don't have the money or I can't afford the price of the real course or studying aboard but I still can study here online at my home.   After finish this course I'm planning to write a letter to this course and I hope that the financial aid is still available for me since I can't afford the fee. 

all in all, I would recommend all my friends and give 5 stars to this course and the teachers :) 
I love this course and I'm much more confidence on the business part :D 
I'll be the business owner in the near future and at that time I owe this course ^_^ 
hope one day, I could have time to visit this university and both of you, my lovely teacher.

hope you have a great day and a healthy body ^_^ 
Czech Puchit Hongsawat, Thai student that has curiosity and passion in starting up his own business and become a good man like Elon musk in the future :)
I have understood the whole business process right from conceiving an idea, Market Research, startups, Risk factors, Creating Business plans, and marketing through social media, Investment sourcing, through social media, Venture capitalists By presenting with necessary stuff like business plans, market research and business plan and financials.Not just the above business process, as well as i have improved the Business vocabulary.Even if you are an entrepreneur already, this course will help you understand more about the entrepreneurship.Thanks Coursera Team.Jeyakumar Subbiah
This course is very useful for me. I could learn not only English but 
also about entrepreneurship. I could learn how to write a business plan 
and have written brief business plan in the assignement. Beside I could 
learn Pitch- persuasive conversation to investors for our business plan. Teacher James Riedel and teacher Amy Nichols, the lectures of the course, are very good at teaching. They speak very clear English and so most of the learner can understand well. I suggest everyone to enroll this course and do assignment regularly. You will gain much knowledge and have fun.
i recommend that course for every one who is looking for next step in business and English business it is very handy and simple and the most is the instructor they are amazing
This Course is perfect for any kind of person who wants to start a business or wants to be an entrepreneur but lacking sort of Information and Ideas of how and where to start the business . From this lesson you'll get to learn how to connect with investors and how to use your innovative ideas. I could write a lot here but It will be better if you just enroll this course and go along with it. It is so much fun to learn here. Even if you enrolled here for free you'll be a successful person in life if you followed these chapters later in your life. Thank you Cousera,  Thank you "English for business and Entrepreneurship" and Thank You - UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Concepts were explained in a easy method and helped me a lot. Also gave a lot of skills and methods of communication. Helped conducting market research and creating a business plan. Thank you !!!
honestly, when i decided to follow this class i didn't know that the teaching would be as perfect as i found it. classes are well organized and the knowledge are grasped easily without even any revision. furthermore the external stool is just wonderful and a had fun all along . i will for sure recommend this class to my family friends and social medias to let them get the same opportunity me. thanks to coursera and thanks to the university of Pennsylvania and its tutors. i hope to purchase a certificate soon.
What a fantastic course! It covered everything an entrepreneur needs to know in 5 weeks. I learnt the meaning of Venture Captalist, Equity owner, angel investor and so many other terms. Making the business plan was the topmost skill i acquired as that really gives one a clear picture of where one stands now and after 3 years.The videos were very clear and articulated the points very well. I will give this a 10 / 10.
Awesome and eye-opening course! It especially taught me more about entrepreneurship, challenged me to come up with viable business ideas, conduct market research and use the data to make decisions, and write a winning business plan.I'll strongly recommend it to my network!
The course gave me a wonderful opportunity to know and understand the basics of business. The language used is simple, clear, and inspiring.  Though,  I had no idea of starting a business initially, after attending the classes, I am enthused to start one on my own and also want my children to study the business concepts in their early life...so they can become best entrepreneurs in the future.  I recommended my children to pursue these courses. I am profoundly thankful to the university and organizers of the course and wish them all the best.  I am also thankful to Sri Pradeep Kumar, who introduced this course and website  to me  and  in helping  me in proper utilization of time during the lockdown due to COVID-19
I think this course delivers what is expected from it. It has given me a true and precise introduction to Business and entrepreneurship, while refreshing some well-known concepts about economics and finance. I'm inmensely grateful towards Coursera because this has given me the opportunity to continue learning and perfectioning my English and has also given me hope, as to dream on having my own business in the future. I think this platform is very easy to use, very explicative and I was able to understand the teachers' every single word, in spite of English being my second language. I appreciate all the effort put into this course and the whole Distance Learning program.
English for Business and Entrepreneurship is best for English learners in this field, as well as who wants to get basic knowledge about Business and Entrepreneurship.The course consists  a lot useful and informative articles and due to covered dozens of vocabulary.To be honest, I didn't expect so could be engaging through the all weeks.In brief, I would strongly recommend you Coursera.Thank you, lovely teachers and The University of Pennsylvania ❤️❤️❤️
For all the businessman is focusing management is very Important this series of courses that teaches Entrepreneurship and Entrepreneurship students learn to read market signals , but less noticeable , to be ahead of trends and make decisions appropriate , which is already one of the main characteristics of the have Entrepreneur is to know the information and use it for their own companies benefit and lead to success .
Coursers opened my eyes and my mind, i was fried to start my dream being as a Entrepreneur, but diving deeper in this course made me feel confidant about going ahead and get what i'm dreaming for.
I learned a lot about entrepreneurship. It was easy to understand because they designed a great course for people who know basic English. This course is a good opportunity to improve English skills. I want to say thanks to everyone who are involve in the design, organization, plan, and more to teachers that shared their knowledge with us. Thanks to my classmates for review my assignments. Good course to invest your money.
This course was very useful for me as i could learn some new skills like writing a Business plan, Principles of Entrepreneurship, Effective Use of English language for Business and Entrepreneurship, correct use of English grammar in Business Communications, learnt to conduct effective market research survey using questionnaires, learnt to carry out analysis, and write effective Business and Market reports.
This course is very helpful for both who wants to study English and for whom to study the basic of business especially in Entrepreneurship. As an experienced worker in the field, the level of English and the contents of business/Entrepreneurship were not too difficult but were really essential and helpful to review. I now am more confident to use the knowledges at work and feel eas to explain to others.
This is a great course and best opportunity for anyone who wish to start business. A knowledge and skill imparted in this course will definitely help anyone to start a business and become successful
I was so much excited when I enrolled for this course, not only because of this was my first online course but also the contents it has. English for business and entrepreneurship has given me a lot of knowledge about the business world. When I started my week 5 class my computer got damaged so I was worried that I would lose all my progress but Coursera account has given me a wonderful opportunity to complete it when I got my desktop back. I am very thankful to each of the members of the Coursera community for providing us with a wonderful space to learn. I am especially thankful to my dearest mentors AMY NICHOLS & JAMES RIEDEL for their instant support and encouragement throughout this journey. I don't know they would read this review or not but I really want them to know how grateful I am to them. And also my fellow members for reviewing my assignments and I really enjoyed learning with them. Even though I enrolled for free  I didn't know this would so much interesting. But for me, the knowledge is more than the certificate. I am indebted to the University of Pennsylvania for bringing this course. Once again Thanks to all. So I give 5 stars.
I really liked the course. The teachers explained very well and I have learnt a lot. The course contains a lot of interesting subjects and helps you to understand more about becoming an entrepreneur. What I missed in this course is the reliability of the tasks and exercises. If you are a serious learner you want to get some feedback from your teachers. This is not included and you get feedback from other students who aren't always serieus. Besides this, the course is free but you have the option to pay for a certificate, which costs €41. Because of my doubt of the reliabilty of this course I didn't buy it. That's a pitty because the course by itself is definitly worthwhile!
Well deserved the five stars. The course falls short with only five ...Huge congratulations to Amy Nichols and James Riedel, great teachers. EXCELLENT all the videos made by them, with images and more icons. All the instructions and samples of the assessments were well explained and organized. I understood EVERYTHING that they explained throughout the course and they did it in an animated way, so that all students were motivated. I finished the course very happy, with many skills in English and knowledge in Business & Entrepreneurship.I am speechless to describe this online experience. Thanks to both of you.100/100.Anabella Sotillo from Caracas, Venezuela.
This course was very exciting and beneficial for me, the platform coursera is very good, I or we ( the classmates) had can write our opinion, ideas, or examples in some topics and give or received feedback about the homework of other classmates even if we didn´t send the homework on time.

It was very great for me because the instructors, Amy Nichols and James Riedel, explained every topic clearly and interactive, I´m really completed satisfied with the course offered by them, and by Harmon Hall for giving me the opportunity to access the coursera platform.
I benefitted a lot from this course which clarified for me several things. Indeed, I learned the fundamental strategies of preparing and thinking for a project plan and project idea. Moreover, the lectures I attended online made things clear to me and facilitated for me the searching operation of my project idea and how to have a strategic plan for marketing fruitfully and efficiently. I thank a lot the course instructors for their great efforts to clarify the skeleton of entrepreneurship and its strategies of success and management.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, though it was not very easy and little time consuming. But the instructions, videos, quizzes and assignments were quite interesting. They made you think. The interaction on discussion forum was very healthy and learnt to communicate with different thinking people. I would recommend this course to those who wish to learn English skills and writing skills for business proposal. The instructors were very clear in giving lessons, ideas and motivating.
I love this enrollment, it has broaden my knowledge on entrepreneurship. Please how can I apply for a free Certificate, I know I have learnt a lot and I am grateful. It's just the situation of economy in my country now cannot make me afford to pay for the certification.Thank you for making me gain more knowledge during this  global Pandemic .I can Express myself more confidently English and business-wise.Hoping to get feedback from you soon.Thank you in anticipation.
I like how
     the course assumes that the student has no background about the topic.
     Everything is thoroughly explained. It even provides definition of terms. Comprehension Checks are fun
     to answer :) There are plenty of Articles
     to read and there are well-designed, short quizzes after every
     video/topic. I suggest taking advantage of this course if you have plans of starting a small business but never get the chance to do so.
Very exciting learning period! What an interesting insight to the language of business. Having a science background, I never knew I could  learn and enjoy business and Entrepreneurship terms like I did. My dream of being an entrepreneur unfolding. My profound gratitude and appreciation to my tutors for the great impact.Looking forward to obtaining more knowledge with Coursera with my certificates.Thank you.
This course if definitely a great learning experience especially to those who are clueless about the world of Entrepreneurship! This was a great start for me as an aspiring Entrepreneur! Now I'm more confident talking about Business to anyone. Purchasing the certificate was also worth it especially if you're just starting off your career in the corporate world that involves a lot of Business speaking.
Another brilliant course from University of Pennsylvania. I had earlier passed and received a certificate of accomplishment for English for Journalism.  Yet another certificate of accomplishment to do with English for business and entrepreneurship is for a complete cycle. Trust me it was not easy but dedication and hard work never disappoint. Is worth every effort  I have had to put in.
I recommend this course for everyone who are interested in starting business but never learned about business! There are a lot of words related to business, but explanation of tutors and illustration are very helpful to understand the all contents. So, now I know the basic of marketing and can write a very simple business plan. I enjoyed learning the course. Thank you!
This is a highly recommended course for anybody who want to
start a business. I took this course expecting to amplify my English vocabulary,
but I did not only learn new word but a whole structure to start a business. Special
mention to the lecturers, through the whole course I felt how they encourage
you to follow your dream and be successful with your idea.
I will definitely purchase this course! I am just waiting for my salary. =) I tried to finish it and now, I am super happy with everything that I have learned! Thank you so much to my instructors, Mr. James Riedel and Ms. Amy Nichols!Thank you University of Pennsylvania and Coursera! I will keep on studying and apply everything I learn in actual situations.
I recommend this course for someone who works in business area. There are many words that I thought I had been using them correctly, but I was wrong. Additionally, there are many techniques for you to write some important things within a short period of time. I love how they organize this course. Thank you all the teachers and the supporters of this course.
Excellent course,  While there are plenty of courses by doing which one can learn and become fluent in English, this course combines the language skills necessary with basic knowledge required for Business and Entrepreneurship.  The teachers did it in a lucid and simple style, can be easily grasped even by those for whom English is not their native tongue
My name is Jose Antonio from Brazil. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this course to complete my CV in English to the area of Data Science.  The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.Regards.Jose Antonio.
It was a very useful experience for me to follow this course.  I needed this type of course since very long.  I have been working with children studying Enterprise who have difficulties to communicate in English.  These very clearly explained notes, with simple and straightforward vocabularies were very helpful.  Thank you very much.
This course has really provided me with some of the most crucial information about entrepreneurship. I love how the articles are mostly based on study cases. The videos also help us to gain insight into some of the most basic skills that an entrepreneur should have. The English lesson is also integrated well within the curriculum.
This course is highly recommended for initiating your business and entrepreneurship skills. It will give you knowledge in the English language and has additional concepts that grasp your understanding of how business works. Chiefly, this course is extraordinary because the foundation of business and entrepreneurship is acquired.
This course was way more interactive than I thought. I thought that had some tips about grammar and about language in business ( in fact there is ) but it is approached in a way the student would not only learn about business communication but also in a resumed way all the structure of a start-up business and entrepreneurship.
Wonderful course! It is a very nice way to get to know the basics of the Entrepreneurial world and practice your English as well as learn specific vocabulary in this area. Also, the assessments are fun and the videos where the units are presented are beautifully narrated. I am very happy to have done it! Highly recommended.
This is one of the most interesting courses I have taken in years.  The instructors are two of the very best educators I've encountered.  Each day I looked forward to optimum learning with the determination to complete the course in good standing.  Thank you Coursera for an AWESOME opportunity!In appreciation,Anne Cummings
This is my first course on English Language on this platform.  The lecturers are great and syllabus is very systematic. I learnt lots of things here related to Business English. Without my knowledge it's not just learning English but learning business too from startup, bootstrap to business pitching. I am addicted to this!
It is an amazing course for those who are interested in entrepreneurship and marketing too.  It has a lot of new vocabulary really useful for every day.  I love the fact that Americans teach me. because it has really helped me with my pronunciation.  All the activities are really interesting and helpful.  Give it a try!
I had no idea about entrepreneurship before I attended this course.This course helped me understand more about how to plan and start a business as well as it has improved my listening and writing skills.I am glad that I chose this course to attend as this course increased my knowledge in business and entrepreneurship.
Excellent basic course. Teachers have good teaching didactics. The assignments are interesting. I really appreciated this course. I'd like to thank the University of Pennsylvania for offering courses like this for people like me who wants to improve their English skills and entrepreneurship knowledge at the same time.
I really enjoyed the course. It helped me to improve my knowledge of the English used for business and also to organize my ideas and create my  own Business Plan. I would recommend this course to students who are learning English as a Second Language and would like to improve their business vocabulary. Thank you!
I enjoyed working with such talented mentors. Thanks to this course, I improved my English skills, got acquainted with the basic concepts in the field of business and entrepreneurship, got great experience in communicating with native speakers and expanded my horizons. Thank you so much for this wonderful course!
I'm so thankful to Coursera. It helps me lot to understand various things when it comes to Business and Entrepreneurship. It taught me lesson like, intensifiers, word compliments, etc. Coursera also let me develop my own thinking skills. I appreciate the overall help of Coursera to me and to the other users.
It is a wonderful course overall. The course provides an essential knowledge for people who want to start their own business or project. However, the course gives students a fundamental knowledge to the business and entrepreneurship, so students still need to keep developing their skills after this class.
I really enjoyed this course.That was my first attemption at Busiess and Entrepreneurship  but definitely not the last one. The teachers were amazing and were bringing the knowledge in simple language which could be understood by everyone. I enjoyed doing my assignments and quizzes. definitely recoomend
Top-Tier course, The teachers made the topic so understandable. The Quizzes made sure that I understood every part. The language is made so easy to understand. Everyone can do this no matter what country they're from because the language used is simple. I can't believe this is free. Thank you so much <3
For me is an excellent course, I enjoyed it a lot, it was fun, clear and incredibly well designed for non native English speakers, really appreciate that you offer this for everyone.Thank you a lot to the professors, University of Pennsylvania and the Department of State of the United States of America.
This course was very helpful for me, I learned many things in English language and business communication together. All videos were very clear with good volume, synchronize well. There are many quizzes - it was very interesting. I definitely recommended this course to improve English and get much more.
I really felt hard understanding even a basic discussion that happens about business. I also had no clear understanding on the loans and finance. This course is really useful for beginners like me who would want to learn about business. All the concepts are described in a very simple and clear manner.
Very helpful, I have learned about so many skills of how to write a BP, I didn't even notice that there are so many details that I need to pay attention, the tone, the word choices, and sentence structures. I am glad this course is open to everyone and I could take it as a free self-improvement class.
Amazing course. What i like the most, is that the course is more focused on the business topics rather than English grammar, but it does not mean that through this course I have not learn anything about English grammar, on the contrary it was the perfect mix to improve business and English knowledge.
COURSERA is an excellent online web portal teaches Soft skills, English and many in a professional manner. I really got inspired by the coaching given faculty of Pennsylvania University, I strongly recommend COURSERA for my peers to enroll and gain knowledge, confident and develop their skills.
15-years-old non-native speaker here. This courses really help me to improve my vocabulary, and of course helping me to get more understanding about business like how it created and operated. I'm sure this courses is my first stepping-stone to reach my dream of creating a business mega empire.
The course has really helped develop my vocabulary and gave me a close insight in business and entrepreneurship that I previously haven't learned. It moved my limits and made me try something new. It has also helped me on developing the idea for my own business! I would recommend it any time!
This course is helping me with my English as well as its giving me notions and concepts that will help me while i'll be setting up my own business. The lecturers are excellent and make it easy for us students to learn. Anyone interested in both, English and business should start this course.
It is an excellent course taught by extremely qualified teachers. Many thanks Coursera for giving us this opportunity, including from the beginning I recommend the site to everyone I know. Thank you very much for the shared knowledge, this improves our personal and professional development.
Amy and James did a great job. It was my first Coursera course and it has been a great experience.

Besides the knowledge, I get more confidence in my english language skills. 

Thanks to the course I realize the importance of social entrepreneurship, of helping others to get a better life.
Amazing course. The instructors have simplified very complex concepts in a very effective way. Assessments are extremely useful to get a better grasp of the theory. I strongly recommend this course to anyone who decides to approach the interesting world of business and entrepreneurship.
This has been the most exciting learning experience since I left university. I am very thankful to have had the guidance of Amy Nichols and James Riedel. Their kind smiles were always inviting me to keep up.I will definitely recommend this course.Thank you so much,Juan Carlos Melo
This course was very helpful, especially because I started off not knowing anything about business and entrepreneurship. Moreover, I learned a lot of new English vocabulary. The course was also well paced and explained. I certainly did learn a lot of things from this course.
In my opinion the course is very complete. I've learned enough vocabulary related to the business world, plus expressions and strategies as well as the problems and steps as an entrepreneur. The platform is dynamic, helping to learn. In summary, a highly recommended course!
I really enjoyed this course, it is very detailed and the instructions were crystal clear. The instructors were very good because they did their best to explain difficult concepts in an easy way. Also, the materials were very helpful and practical to understand the topics.
Hello My Name is Kashif Ali and I'm from Pakistan. I am very thankful especially to U.S State Department of Educational and Cultural Affairs, Coursera and University of Pennsylvania who give me a chance to learn with Worlds Best Quality Education at my own pace & comfort.
Really good course! If you are a begginer with the english language, this is the perfect course to learn more, if tou already speak in english this course is perfect to practice and improve your skills. It was good to learn some technical words that you don't use everyday
This course is the best course I have ever attended. I could improve not only my English skills but also business and entrepreneurship skills.  The lecturers are very professional and their teaching styles are very easy to understand and knowledgeable.  Thank you.
A very well structured course for learning and improving english skills and terms in regarding Business and Entrepreneurship. The lectures are easy to understand and the assignments help you to use the skills you've just learned. A good base for my future career!
This course could offer me a really good knowledge surround English for business and entrepreneurship. I can't afford for more courses but the experience that I had here it was great. I had the best teacher ever! Thank you for all the support Coursera Community.
This course is very informative and up-building. It is not just for English Language testing and training , but a general business and entrepreneurship skill acquisition. I am glad to acquire this unique short but intensive training with a worthy certificate.
This course helped to develop my English and all the other skills involved in a second language. The incredible teachers and one of the best teachers I have ever seen. Besides all this, it has added a lot to all the ambitions of Business, which I do college.
This a great way to improve the vocabulary and knowledge about business and entrepreneurship. This course provides assessment that encourages the student through videos and others kinds of media. I really like the methodology of this course and recommend it.
It’s was awesome being studying with lecturer of University of Pennsylvania. I learnt much more what I was expected and have a good courage know to speak or explain my entrepreneual skill. Thank to Coursera for providing this course for free. Thankyou👏👏👍
This was my first course in the online platform. And it was a fantastic journey. I have changed the timeline twice though but finally completed and learned a lot. The instructors were fascinating. Thanks to Coursera for offering such a wonderful course.
Beautiful Course - Stretched the learning capability to make it challenging enough to engage, learn, and complete. Provides useful information, additional learning case studies/articles fo those who are keen on going deeper into the subject. Thank you.
It was fantastic course, I've learned many things, not only my english skills have been improved but also my business vocabulary, skillsm and techinques have been improved.Thank Pennsylvania University and all people have worked in this amazing course.
Its a great Idea to establish the steep about How I can do to start a business, development an Idea  and to create the structure of this, and to grow the business plan. This Course is excellent to help the entrepreneurs, thank you for you knowledge.
this is most important knoldge i earn from pensilvenia University and i love it. it helped me to have a new look in my business and now am geting better with a successfull company. thank You Teachers for the big you are achieving in this course...
Worth it, it's a very inspiring course, learning english as well as gaining fast understanding of Business and entrepreneurship.  The biz template given is also very helpful.  I really like the professor and wish to follow more courses of them.
I am so lucky to that I found and do this course .really I enjoy it ..I get a lot of knowledge to learn this course and I learned what is the entrepreneur? How to become a enterprener in the local market.Really that is very excellent course...
This is exceled course. I have many experiences in  business, but I was not confident in English. Now, I completed a course in English. I would like to try learning more during this corvid 19 crises about modern business in English. Thank you!
The course is well design and very easy to follow.The time given is generous enough to cater for any issue that may arise.The content is covers all areas so that one gets a clear understanding of what is expected.I really enjoy this course
The course was very useful fo me because in a simple way I understood BP and how can I persuade someone else to finance my project.really I would like to thank you and tell you that I continue to listen to your videos to out it in ly mind.
The courses were very interesting and I learn a lot of new vocabulary, phrases and all about entrepreneurship. They were the best teachers I have ever met, very well spoken so i understood every word. I recommend to all Brazilian students.
I enjoyed very much this course. I have many experiences in international business, but I was not confident in English. Now, I completed a course in English. I would like to try learning more about modern business in English. Thank you!
This course is very useful and practical. It helps me understand how to write a business plan and how to persuade investors. Furthermore, It also helps me idenfity which kind of investors are suitable for me. 
Good course, Thanks a lot.
It is an opportunity to learn about the process of creating a company and a way to reinforce and apply the knowledge of the English language that was acquired in school since in language schools they teach the language in a general way
English for business and Entrepreneurship was a great opportunity  to improve my english skills as well as knowledge about businesses and start-ups. It helped me boost my writing skills and review some  grammatical english structures.
I liked this course very much. It was very organized and informative course for improving my English and Business skills .  I learnt a lot of new things about  starting new business and how to find funding for it.Thank You so much! :)
I admitted in this Course , and I completed it. I would like to say that this course is the great course to improve our English skills. Even more, this course is the best way to start studying business for whom interested on business.
I liked the way you give us information and had much useful experience and I look forward to complete this course and willing to have my (MBA) in  university of PennsylvaniaI hope if I had an scholarship in university of Pennsylvania
It is my first course in Coursera and it was very exciting and well explained! It helped me a lot with my listening and pronunciation! Full recomended for all thes people who want to learn someting else and improve their english!
This course helped me to not be so nervous when talking to my English speakers clients in my daily work. I want to be an entrepreneur so this basics concept helped me a lot, for starting to get my ideas to become true.Thank u!!!
The teaching is very precise and informative. Now, I am more confident and aware of the core ideas about  business and entrepreneurship. A very big hands to the instructors of University of Pennsylvania! You guys were amazing!
Congratulations to Amy Nichols and James Riedel for this course. Your iniciative can help many people arround the world to improve their english, increasing their opportunities. Thank you!Mateus Barbosa, from Sao Paulo, Brazil
This course is a great tool to improve your english skills while learning effective ways to write a business plan and pitch your own enterprise. Besides, it was fun, and made me more confident about my knowledge and skills.
It was an excellent course, not only did I learn English, which is very valuable, but I also learned how to start a business project, it is very good, I want to continue learning more from entrepreneurs, thank you teachers!
This course is super amazing it helped me excel my skills and elevated my confidence as well which is the most prime thing in this high paced world, Thank you for offering me the opportunity to be the part of this course.
very awesome course , really I have learned a lot of skills and techniques that will certainly help me , thank you so much . I'm so grateful to you coursera and university of Pennsylvania , i appreciate your great efforts
The course video is easy to follow especially when it is broken down to clips less than 10 minutes, I can also find time to learn. The homework is interesting, very helpful to remember some key ideas of Entrepreneurship.
We (me and my wife) have started a new software company in Germany and we were facing some problems. This course helped a lot to learn many new important topics are relatively unknown to me. I simply loved this program.
Great course for beginners to know how business and startup environment works. It will teach you necessary English and terms related to business,plus all essential methods to grow and promote your service/product idea.
It was an excellent oportunitty to learn more about business and entrepreneurship, It was a great solution to know more about the idea to make a business plan and at the same time learn more about the english language.
I have no words to describe how much this course meant to me. I feel much more confident to walk alone with the tools and support I received. Thanks to the instructors Amy Nichols and James Riedel. You are the best!!!
I really enjoyed learning and improving my business and entrepreneurship skills, and completed my assessments with fun. Thank you for creating such a engaging and interesting course.Best regards,Aneel Kumar03412888249
This course is very easy to follow with structured syllabus, nice videos and great assignment. Highly recommend for those who starts learning about Entrepreneurship with the beginning or intermediate level of English!
very good i course that introduces business language for someone unfamiliar with the business world. i would definitely recommend this course for someone without a business background. Great work by the instructors
This course is very organized and well planned with various technique for stimulating students' interests. I highly recommend people who consider for working with or opening one's own business to English speakers.
a really good course. I like this course too much. I think this is a very essential knowledge for beginning a business. Thank a lot both of you, Amy Nichols and James Riedel. Hope you have a great and happy life.
It was an amazing online course.  It is very helpful in our day to day business. Great texts/news shared about examples of successful entrepreneurship. I learnt a lot in the class, which was very well explained.
This a very helpful course for beginners who have to build career in business and entrepreneurship. As I am first time using coursera its very simple and effective learning platform for students.Thanks Coursera.
This course, English for Business and Entrepreneurship is excellent. I thank the University of Pennsivania for this valuable resource. I learned more English and the basic tools to be a successful entrepreneur.
Really helpful and a life changing experience since it opened a new world of possibilities for my projects. Before it I never thought about entrepreneurship as an option for myself, now this has changed. Thanks
The course is very good for starter. I can understand easier without any background of Entrepreneurship.From Videos, I can listen to pronunciation of each word which I never heard before. It is totally perfect.
Whereas you learn about Business, you learn English. Even with basic English is possible to finish the course, learning both. The teachaers are veri good. Speak so clear and the weeks are very well organized.
I really impressed by the course and I learnt a lot of things from this course about improving English and business strategies. I am really thankful to the faculty and the University of Penn for this course.
Great course ! Easy, well structured, I also enjoyed different reading tasks for intermediate and advanced levels. Short videos, various types of tasks to complete - readings, quizzes, audios and videos etc.
A great course. I learned how to be even more confident about my english skills, and how to organize and plan a business strategy, making clear to me how to avoid common mistakes in an entrepreneurship way.
I thought sensational, the content was clear and easy to understand, I got to put my knwledg in prove and test if I hadunderstood completely. The classmates help me also e and the teachers were incredibles.
It is a good course for people who wants to learn new basic business vocabulary and have new business templates for doing a survey, a business plan, and an elevator pitch. I strongly recommend this course.
Great contents and great professors. An entertaining way of improving vocabulary while learning business strategies, common entrepreneurship practices, and ways of adding impact to my speech. Great course!
Great course, teachers explain, everything is accessible and understandable. I learned a lot from this course. Even if you do not know English very well, everything is understood.Thank you for this course
This course is great. There are basic articles and advanced articles, and you can choose.That makes it easy for non-native English speakers to understand.I hope people would make courses like this more.
Very Comprehensive step by step way of teaching and learning outside the classroom. I have learnt alot.About the Certificate, not all of us can afford it, so if you could do something about it. Thanks
All thanks to Mrs Nichols and Mr. Redeil.I am looking forword to be in physical touch with Mrs. Nichol and Mr. Redeil. , I have lernt so much from them and their education method was so effective.
It's a very helpful course. I've learned many new words and got acquaintance with entrepreneurship. I strongly advise other coursera students to try this course. Thanks to the perfect instructors.
It's a great business english course because the teachers share you vocabulary, sentences, strategies, examples and excercises to better your english and entrepreneurship business skills.Thanks!
We can learn not only Basicaly English but also Business and Entreprneurship.Thank you for kindness staffs and classmatesHowever you needs computer , Android application software is not perfect.
This was a very interesting course. The teachers are very clear and the lessons are short so people can stop or continue in any time. I will strong recommend Coursera courses to all my friends.
excellent course , contains various skills such as  language skills ,business skills : plan , marketing , fund raising skills , and enterpreneurship skills ,thank you so much for this course
Hi there! I was very exciting and enjoyed it very much, thanks so much both great teachers. i think i acquired some important knowledge that would be very useful in my new entrepreneurship.
I have learnt lot of new information on this online course. Mentors nicely explain the same. Way of assessment totally different. I like it very much. Convey my thanks to courses community
Pretty good course and well organized and professors are great. The course is so introductory; it would be great to have an intermediate or advance one to continue this interesting topic.
It was an excellent course. I expected a Business English course and ended up knowing a lot more about entrepreneurship. It was concise, clear, and very educational. I really enjoyed it!
Excellent teachers, in this course you improve your level of English, while you learn business and entrepreneurship. Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us. Greetings from Colombia
The course is very good for me. It brings a lot of benefits about business knowledge, how to make a survey and how to make business plan,etc. Both of lecturers are very good, enthusiasm.
Very useful and practical not only for those who wants to improve their business literacy, but for those who wants to make progress in public speaking, pitching and presentation skills.
This course helps a layman to understand the difference between entrepreneurship and business. Also, gives you an idea of starting a business from scratch to how to attract investors.
It was a great opportunity for me to learn business and entrepreneurship ideas in my life . I want to thank the seamless work of the professors who guided us and helped us to learn .
it is beyond the English language actually you will gain a basic knowledge of how to build a business and information about financing and funding. I have enjoyed this course so much.
Great courses , well designed , explanations are clear and Exercices and quizzes helps to have a better understanding . I'm really delighted and grateful to have acess to that course
Thank you so much to both Coursera and UPENN for this course!! I really enjoyed it and fel my English skills growing each lesson, specially in the business area that I like so much.
Really Helpful to understand the base of business and Entrepreneurship.I really enjoyed also the opportunity to have practice quiz as the creation of survey, business plan or pitch
Very enriching class, well-structured and organized, relying on a task-based method in order to improve your English. The way it is constructed is really motivating and rewarding.
First of all thank you so much for having  me in this course which is very useful and rich with business information skills that is new for me .Also the course was easy and clear
This was a financial aid course for me and i thanks to my instructor for giving and sharing their knowledge with us.I recommend this course for all who want to be entrepreneur.
It was a fruitful, organized and a lot of fun. The teacher's performance is outstanding and I would love to take other courses presented by them. Thank you for your hard work.
I really liked this online course the way that they presented, it was so enriching. I'm sure that I will use all the knowledge that they provided in the future and in my life.
I haven't learned this course yet and this is my first time to use Coursera .I have learned course one ,part one .I feel excellent and I think this course can help me ,Thanks!
Amazing, very informative and detailed, it has helped me a lot to improve in my online marketing strategies. I really loved the contents, the games, everything! Thanks a lot!
This is an amazing course for beginners like me who wants to be an entrepreneur and start there own business.The course language is very easy to understand.Thanks, everyone.
amazing course learned different facets of business. Becoming an entrepreneur, Identifying opportunity, Creating a business plan, Attracting Investors and Financial Support.
Great Course to improve the knowledge about Business and Entrepreneurship.I am very privileged to do this course.Thank you coursera and thank you University of pennsylvania.
this course is very helpfull and is such an effective way for non-native learner like me have more knowledges and vocabulary about business.  Thank you guys for this course.
Very well made this course, The videos are short and easy to understand, teachers speak paused in order we can listen and comprehend . Thanks very much, I enjoyed it a lot.
It's more than what I expected. The course not only facilitates us to catch up with business languages, but also gives basic knowledge of making a business plan. Thank you!
Great Course, I really would like to thank Pro.Amy Nichols, James Riedel and Executive Director for offering this course. I would strongly recommend this course to anyone.
The course was very useful for me. Thanks lo Coursera to provide me this wonderful course for free. The teaching method was amazing and they covered lots of good points.
The course was an excellent learning opportunity.                       The content and presentation  of the both instructors   were wonderfull. I enjoy it.   Tank you!
Thank you very much courser.org and instructors.After I completed this course,I get improvement of English language skill and too much knowledge of basic business idea.
I think this course helps me a lot, my writing skill and my knowledge is improved. Thank for your authors to create this course and hope it will help more user like me.
This is the first course I attended and completed entirely online. Thank you on the great language and business course! I will recommend it to anyone who is interested.
Very well made, has a lot of basic knowledge well presented with fun exercises. You don't immediately need to be an entrepreneur for this course, its good for everyone.
Clear and brief course about this topic. Highly recommended to learn in English in this area.Excellent explanations, great videos and graphics and enjoyable exercises.
The course is very easy and has helped me understand various topics which were unclear before. thank you coursera for making it available for  people across the world.
While the course seems as easy, it is full of important and useful information and knowledge. I highly recommend it especially for the people who starts the business.
Thank you for the information you have given me!It is very helpful for me and I hope this course will help me in finding the new perspectives in my career development
A very complete course, I developed more the ear, the reading, and I am happy to have finished it.
Thanks to the instructors because they show empathy and closeness.
It was an excellent opportunity to improve my English, as well as to learn how to do a survey, make a business plan and a pitch.
The teachers , both speak very clear
Very nice course to know about Business & Entrepreneurship. It also covers the English vocabulary part. Newspaper readings & questionnaires  related to it is given.
Great course, I could not finished because of my work, I just only had pending few videos. Is there any possibility to finished those videos? Thank you in advance.
The course gives good introduction about business and entrepreneurship. It also aims at improving our English skills. It was extremely helpful for me. Thank you.
Thank you very much, I learned so much from this course. It's really a good course to take before starting a business. I also have practiced my English as well.
I would recommend this course for those who want to start a business.  The course material and structure are very helpful and well organized. Thank you so much.
I must say, my time was never wasted, but instead I am more equipped with knowledge and the skill that I've never thought I would ever attain in my entire life.
One of the best courses I have ever took! Thank you very much for such amazing experience. I really appreciate what you have done. Warm regards from Kazakhstan.
This course was so helpful! I am from Germany and English is not my native language. But this course is easy to understand and to follow along. Thanks so much!
it was an amazing opportunity to improve my english and also learn the terminology use in the business and entrepreneurship. Thank you so much to the teachers.
It was the perfect opotunity to learn more about business sphere and of cause to take part for studing at University of Pennsyvenia. I was fully glad to do it.
In a first look at the course, I thought this course is only about English but at the end of the course, I  learned so much and got some great business ideas.
It's a great opportunity to get knowledge in English language as well as in the business content.
Even been a foreign I could get all content.  Very Happy! =)
This course was for me as an interesting and exciting adventure in a business area in english. Amy and James thank you very much for knowledges that you gave!
this course was for me interesting, I have gotten a considerable basement of knowledge and business stories in this course motivated me to open own business
Very good. I learned too much basic knowledge about entrepreneurship and Business. This is o helpful for me to apply for a job that requires basic english.
I liked everything that was in this course. Big thanks to our teachers. Everything was very clear and interesting. Now I am very encouraged to learn more.
it was a best learning experience. I learn a lot. I enrich my english vocabularies. I improve my business and entrepreneurship knowlegde.Thank you so much
Very helpful, Enroll and learn for free and you can choose whether you want to grab the certificate with some of Dollar or just learn for free completely
A  simultaneously very accessible and comprehensive course, for English and Business learners to begin their journeys or to revisit some essential topics
I am in love for this course. Unfortunately, in the first week I did not had much time to study and know I am late, but I will certainly catch up rhythm.
I have learned a lot of technical vocabulary that are extremely useful for my future career. I am gain more confidence and knowledge due to this course.
This is great course for both Entrepreneurship learning and English.I was happy to have a opportunity to learn those with wonderful teachers.From Tokyo.
Really good course ever I had learn this course before when I was in the uni but I don't understand but this course make me understand more thank you.
very interactive and valuable course. learned many things. Special thanks to the awesome course teachers. Wishing them a very good future. thank you.
is a very exciting course, thanks for the class and with this i have more skills for  understand the english of business, the teachers are very good.
This was an amazing course, I could learn a lot about basic business process, my vocabulary totally improved, the instructors very good, not boring.
Very like this course. Very helpful for international people as well who want to understand the basics of the business and steps to be entrepreneur.
Very good course. Thank you Amy and James for your good pronunciation and your complete explanation. I hope see you again. Best regards from Europe.
İ would like to mention that, This course was my first enrolment. I enjoy and really learn a lot of things about entrepreneurship,business plan i.e.
this is so much valuable course, i learned lot and it given me so new ideas too, i m happy i passed out the course with excellent grades, Thank you
This Course has been a great source of knowledge in simple words and activities, helping me encrease my vocabulary, and vision of businesses world
This course was great for me. I could gain a lot of knowledge of entrepreneurship. If there is another course like this, I will 100% sure take it.
This course challenges you to learn with different kind of assessments. Information is clear and simple for an ESL student. I fully recommend it.
very useful course, recommend to all people who want to improve their English skill beyond knowing much more about business and entrepreneurship.
The English course is great, clear and easy to understand. For me it was a great value and I will continue study this amazing powerful Language.
This course has a great content as basic of entrepreneurship like how to write business plans, how funding works, how market research works etc.
It is a very didactic and simple course for learning.

It goes to the grain and helps you improve your English in English.

I recommend itThank!
This course is really essential for every entrepreneur since it'll give you the spark which ignite your impassion and make your engine roars :-)
I'd like to thank for such a brief and productive course which improved not only the language skills but also the knowledge of business itself.
The very best course ever, thanks to our Teachers, who helped us in every way possible regarding the course materials up to projects with it.AN
Aside from learning proper English language and grammar I also learned a lot of things about business and entrepreneurship. Thank you so much!
The course materials are extremely clear and contents are really useful to improve your basic knowledge of business environment. Great course!
Thank you kindly for all the information on this wonderful course. I will definitely continue studying business and entrepreneurship further.
I had so much fun doing the survey and business plan writing. Really looking forward to be writing my real business plan for future business.
This course is very great.it has more knowledge but  through the course is fun that me make me concentrate  during learning with out  boredom
I JUST LOVED THE WAYS I WAS BEING TAUGHT EACH AND EVERY SINGLE THING THEY THOUGHT I FELT LIKE THEY WERE MY MENTORS THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING.
This course is very simple to follow. The games and quizes make it easy to quickly learn new concepts. I had an amazing learning experience.
It was very productive and interesting course. I have known a lot of new things that will be useful in my future life. Thank you very much!
Course is helpful but I could not do recording exercises . Wish some alternate exercises for video/audio assignments could have been given.
Such an interesting and instructive course ! Sending all my regards to the two professors that accompaigned us during these last 5 weeks.
A very useful and interesting course, that I completed only in one week! Not because easy, but because very well-done by the professors.
This is a Great Experian to Learn with coursera and university of Pennsylvania, A very interesting educative technological interaction !
i loved this course! it was so professional but also easy to follow. I have learned new vocabularies and improved my english. thank you
Congrats!!! It's an amazing course. Thank you so much for share with us that information and create too much interest!!! You're awesome
So understandable! its really useful for people who want to start career abroad, this course is an essential  basis of business English
I learned lot of things from you guys. I improved my English, and I learned very interesting thing about business and startups. Cheers.
I feel very thankful to them because they are very knowledgeable professors who guides very easily to us and make us understand easily.
Very good. Helps and give us many of information that is need in order to get the job we want.Congratulations for the team.Edna Machado
This is a very practical course which is easy to follow and translate into reality. The extra reading materials are even interesting.
A great course for english learners! Dynamic, focused and wide in its content! It really helped my business vocabulary. I love it :)
very good and useful course. It helped me enhanced my business English meanwhile got a better understanding about entrepreneurship.
This course was really interesting and I learned a lot. I will use the strategies in order to improve my elevator pitch. Thank you
A great experience with business. Will surely use what I have learned to teaching English for Business. Thanks a lot facilitators!
I had a very good experience in this course. it is well designed and very helpful for, who want to start learning about business
this course is so good. i have learn so many things from this course. they use some creative way to make we practise our lesson.
it was a good course with good plenty of business samples that cover the basic points to understand and explain business ideas.
The course outlay was apt and made it very comfortable to follow through. The clarity of the instructors was top notch. Thanks.
This course was extremely helpful and highly appreciated.  I learned so much from it which will be very helpful in the future.
i'm really grateful for this course. I have learnt a lot and also feel more confident talking in English.    Thanks a million!
This course is the perfect way to improve your language skills, as well as to learn more about starting and running a company.
this English for Business and Entrepreneurship  course is very helpful to increase English vocabulary and create business plan
Good course. Now i'm learning /english and this course helps me to improve my skills and to know some new things in business.
I learned a lot of business vocabulary. How do I start my business, since I need to get sponsorship. The course is excellent.
EXCELLENT COURSE. I HAD THE OPPORTUNITY TO EXPAND MY KNOWLEDGE IN THE AREA OF ENTREPRENEURSHIP AND IMPROVE MY ENGLISH LEVEL;
This course has all topics and basic details from entrepreneurship and business. Using basic and understandtable language.
I find it very useful for future entrepreneur developing business idea with certain level of understanding and clear plan.
English for Business and Entrepreneurship is great. I find that the program is useful and meaningful. Thank you very much.
It was the best course i have took ever. nice lecturer and friendly tool with good platform. Thank you for working for us.
I had an amazing time learning. As a future entrepreneur, this has taught me all it takes to run a business successfully.
I definitely recomment this course! The teachers are amazing! Thank you so much for this course! Continue the great work!
A very good, practical course that teaches the best practices for creating a business plan, surveys, and elevator pitch.
I learned a lot and improved my English skills. It was easy to learn and I really enjoyed doing my research and lessons.
I believe this course helps you to improve yourself if you interest to start new business in english speaking countries.
This curse gives so many details and is complete. I learned many new words and my English vocabulary has been enriched!!
Very good material and clarity in the concepts, I found it very useful to resume studies of English as a second language
Thank you! Now I know about crowdfunding, interest, venture capitalism and elevator pitch. This course is useful for me!
A very good course structured to help non-native English speakers and to those who want to get into an entrepreneurship.
This course is really helpful to me. I really thanks the lectures of this course. I have learnt a lot from this course.
Great course for those interested to increase their knowledge of business creation, management, operation and strategy.
It is a very good course with very good instructors, surely I enjoyed and learnt many business skills from the course.
Many thanks for this course. I take a lot of information about business and enterpreneurship.Best regardsDenis Vaschuk
This course as given me the opportunity to learn more about communication, confidence and of course business writing.
A very helpful course to improve your business communication and writing. I also learned a lot of new business terms.
It is easy to understand and an extremely efficient method to learn simple English for business and entrepreneurship.
This course give me the opportunity to learn more skills to try something different in my life. Thank you very much.
Thanks for the course and your effort in making such an interesting lesson. I enjoyed the business pitch parts much!
I think is a useful tool for people who wants to improve their English level and  at the same time are learn a topic
Excellent and Complete Course, very ease to learn, great teachers with clear speach, with a great tips to use daily.
Very helpful course. It clears concepts about entrepreneurship and enhances English language skills. Great course!!
It is really useful for me. I had an opportunity to enrich my knowledge of English and Business. Thank you so much!
I really enjoyed the whole course. It is very easy to follow the lesson and very enjoyable. I highly recommend it.
Thank you so much for offering this course.  I am a little less scared about starting my own business.  Thank you.
I have gained so much knowledge after 5 weeks with this course. Highly recommend to non-English speaking students.
The course was so informative and the instructor was also good. I will recommend to my friends to do this course.
Great course. Easy for someone with a good English level and not much business knowledge. I learned a lot. Thanks
You can learn a lot of vocabulary and it's very easy to do with the teachers' explanation. Strongly recomended!!!
Quite engaging & very helpful. Every aspiring entrepreneur should enroll to make their basics strong. Thank you!
The lesson is easy. Easy language. You will get many of interesting business idea from this course. It is great.
Really liked the presentation of the material. Two in one: learning English and some business knowledge. Thanks.
the course is so great. i learned so many information of the business and enterpreneurship. Thank you so much :D
I really enjoy this course, thanks for make this way easy to learn and practice other things that we don't know.
Much more than I imagined. The course provides clear presentations, great texts, activities and practical work.
It is an excellent course, I learned new words, I knew what a business plan is, strategies, and ways to compare
This course was very important for me. I really liked it, it increased my knowledge of my English for business.
How to extend deadlines here on coursera or how to extend the time you will start to study coursers on coursera
it is a very good course especially when you are an entrepreneur it can make you to start a successful business
I would like to offer my special thanks to my teachers, they were so great to me .  i will continue new course!
The course gives me so much knowledge and its highly recommended for those that wants to learn about business.
The course is very helpful to us students who wants to become one of the successfull businessman in the future
Good Material, Very well explained and the quizzes and studies sections are also excellent.Thanks, Course Era
It's a brilliant course. the mentors are very good and they use common English which is understandable to all
good presentation,Better teaching method use in this course, better course design  for better understanding.
It was a very interesting experience, I learn a lot of things, thank you, teachers, and thank you Coursera.
I think to study in here in business is a great choice, this course provides us with an up to date subjects
i learnt too many things by enrolling in this course i will suggest you to please  enroll in in this course
It is really a great course for every one. It gives me different and innovative ideas to enhance my income.
I enjoy every moment of this course it was a fascinating journey. I look forward to the next course. Thanks
Great course to understand the business and entrepreneurship terms in English and how to use it correctly.
Thiscourse is very useful for all people not just  beginners or entrepreneurs that's help you in your life
Great course, thoroughly enjoyed it, and learned alot of interesting information, for my future endeavors
Excelente course for studant who wants to improve their english skills, and learn about entrepreneurship.
Loved the online experience. Loved the tutors, Loved the exercises, and definitely loved the challenge...
Very good content it help me a lot both in my english improvement and in knowledge about entrepreneurship
Amazing course! I enjoyed every class and now I feel more confident about my English skills in business.
The teachers were amazing. I enjoy this course so much. Thank you. I recommend this course for everyone.
I think this course is amazing. I can practice English and learn about entrepreneurship. I recommend it.
Thank you for this course! It was very interesting to go through your course and to find new knowledge.
This course helps me to practice my English and learn about entrepreneurship in a simple and funny way.
It` a very good course! I recomend this course not only for entrepreneurs but for all english learners.
Very  nice course, it helped me get many specific vocabularies related to business and entrepreneurship
The most exisiting and inspiring course! Thank you for intresting lessons and very helpful information!
Comprehensive, good introduction to basics of business English, appropriate methods, excellent tutors.
It's an outstanding course. All doubt hace cleared by this course. Make easy to understand everything.
Great teachers plus a pleasant atmosphere. All information is very complete and easy to understanding.
The information is given in a simple and understandable form, and at the same time is very meaningful.
It was an amazing oportunity to study English and at the same time learn about business. I loved it.
Extremely well articulated. Excellent teaching methods and innovative and time contrasting examples.
Really it is a unique course which helps the entrepreneurs to transfer their ideas to the real life.
It was a grat course I thought I was missing something but I guess I completed it!Can I purchase it?
It was a pleasure to pass this course. Everything was said clearly and useful! Just start and enjoy!
I love this course very much. It is fun, it is challenging, and I learn so much from it. Thank you!
thank you so much for this course , lectors are very good and the materials are easy to understand.
Easy to understand! Useful for entrepreneurs who are finding their way to start their own business
Thank you coursera fro such an amazing course for students in such pandemic ! Thus was excellent
This was the very first on-line course that I've taken. They made it easy, fun, and interactive.
Great oportunitty to learn more and better english and entrepreneurship together. Thank so much!
great opportinity to learn english with topics about bussines, thank you so much for this course
this course is very useful for me, the assignment also motivated me because there were deadline.
This course is very useful. I not only learn about startups but also improve my English. Thanks!
Very useful course for those who want to improve their knowledge of English and business skills.
Very good course. I enjoyed the lecture video, practice quizzes, as well as useful assignments.
It's was very useful to learn vocabulary and create a business plan and apply the new knowlege.
The best course I have been able to follow thank you very much and a thousand times thank you.
This course is very useful. The videos, the lectures and the activities are great! Thank you!!
Everything is so fun. I learned so much. All the instructors are great and easy to understand.
This is a great course to improve Business English skill for every non-native English speaker.
Why the assignment of "Week 2,3,4, and 5 Locked until June 13. Will it really open by then ?"
An excellent course for getting an insight into what business and entrepreneurship really is
This is a very good basic course for young entrepreneurs who are trying to build a start-up.
This course costed me a lot of work and that makes it worth of effort. Thank you. Good work!
Great course!! It is a wonderful way to practice and improve the skills in English language.
It was a fruitful course. After finished it up, I felt more confident about my acknowledge.
Absolutely useful , it is a great opportunity for everybody.I highly recommend this course.
Fully funtionalExcelent trainning to gain vocabulary, english business focused lessonsGreat
Excellent course! Congratulations to my teachers! They were very clear and understandable.
Very useful and educational course for any person that works or wants to work in Business.
I am feeling overwhelmed after finishing the course . Thanks for giving this opportunity!!
Is very good course, explain with detail form how we can to make our own business. Thanks!
If you really want to eneter in the world of entrepreneurship, you should do this course!!
it is very helpful for entrepreneurship beginners. I was taught a lot during last 5 weeks.
it is a very good course I will advise my friends to begin this course as soon as possible
Im so happy for this course can see new vizion in the entrepreneurship and the comercial!
I enjoyed
this course very much, even though written assignments were pretty challenging.
I love this course. It is very easy to understand and very useful for a startup business.
It was an amazing journey and enjoyed the whole course with a great learning experience.
Thanks a lot. I'm very thankful. It was for me very informative, Good luck in the future
helpful, useful, interesting and fun. very practical and help me facilitate my business.
A quick way to sum up all your knowledge in a business field and add something new. 5/5
Wow that was wonderful, teaching, enriching,
Thank you for everything
yossi from israel
I loved the course, for me was chalenging but to the end gratifying, thank you so much!
Very interesting course for beginners ! Easy to understand and interesting assessments.
I have learned numerous skills for business and entrepreneurship thanks to this course.
I enjoyed the course and I can't wait to start putting what I've learnt into practice.
It's so sophisticated ,it helped me a lot and it so worthy to be a part of this course
I really liked this couse but I did't  have time to  complete it I would take it again
A great course to enhance entrepreneurship skills. I enjoyed it thoroughly. Thank you.
Very usefull. I have learned a lot of english and techniques for make a business plan!
This course is Literally the best online course it really Helped me a lot.THank you..
Great Course, helped me alot with english, business vocabulary and business knowledge
Very good course. More for advanced English speakers or someone willing to work hard.
Greatcourse:clearEnglish,lotsofinterestingfacts,easytolearn. I enjoyed every lesson!
very good insight to will be an entrepreneur. I have learned so much in a short time
it's good course for beginner , it's basics of business and concepts  of interneship
I enjoyed every bit of the course. Thank you for the opportunity to upgrade myself.
Excellent option to practice new vocabulary and learn how to create a business plan
Very Useful Course for those who are interested in both English & Entrepreneurship.
I have learned how to make a market research, a business plan and a elevator pitch.
I like the teacher,they are so nice and I learn more thing about entrepreneurship.
Great course! If you are thinking about this course, you should defnitely take it!
This cours helps a lot. It provides you with important knowledge in easy, fun way.
Thank you so much for this valuable course. If possile, may I get my certificate.
Very good and interesting Course. I have learned a lot, thanks a lot to Coursera.
APRENDI UN MONTON DE COSAS QUE LA VERDAD NI TENIA IDEA DE SU POTENCIAL. THANK YOU
An excellent course. Very good teachers. The course is taught very pedagogically.
In this course i learn about an entrepreneurship for business career development.
It is great course! I have learnt a lot from this course and I like it very much!
One of the best and most amazing courses that I have learned online! Thanks a lot
This was an excellent course for anyone wanting to learn about entrepreneurship.
thank you this course. This is very useful for me. thank you so much. from Korea
This course was excellent. I really liked it and I enjoyed it. Thanks a million.
Very nice course for non-english speakers who like business and enterpreneurship
it is worth to join this course to improve your English to write a business plan
Amazing course if you are planning to learn about entrepreneurship and business.
Thank you so much! Useful information, simple explanation and interesting tasks!
awesome course in the course designed especially for non native english speakers
Wonderful course, It's a very big pleasure to learn new things with new methods.
The course is greate. However, it will be better if video sound can be lounder.
This course is amazing they helped me to learn more about English and business.
It's a wonderful course to improove your English and learn more about business.
The course is very didacty and explanatory...I learned a lot...Thanks coursera
Interesting course for getting basic info about business and entrepreneurship.
very well designed course helpful to everyone aspiring to become entrepreneur.
I'm loving it although the written part is very difficult. I won't give up. :)
entertaining course with suitable support materials and also good professors.
This course helped me to improve my english and business skills. I recommend!
is the best one, i Learn about business and important concept of interprenuer
It was so much fun and I learned so many new skills I can adapt to my career.
Good reasonable assessments helping you to develop a very well understanding.
The course was great! I've learned a lot about business and entrepreneurship.
This course is very exciting. I love the contents and the instructors. Great.
Thank you for this course! I got much useful information! Good luck to all))
Tank you for offer this opportunity of add hability and skill a many people.
Fantastic course, clear and totally useful. I am really happy of the result!
it was so great thanks for coursera and for the teachers it was so usefull .
It is my first course, but i love it. It was a pleasure to continue classes.
Very good course! I like it because it pushes me to work and to take action.
This was intresting to learn english with bussiness basics, i recommend it *
this is very useful course for people who want to start a new business idea
Excellent course for improve your english and practice in business english.
great course! very clearly structure and important fundamental knowledge...
It is a great opportunity and I really learned a lot and improved my self.
very interesting and amazing, I had fun to enjoy this course. Thank You!!!
Excellent course with a simple and accessible presentation of information
I enjoy it a lot. Good structure and very easy to follow. Great teachers.
I am glad with the new skills that I have learned throughout this course.
Very good teachers and explanations about open and lead your own business
Feeling better after the course completion.......... Thank you...........
It was an excellent experience. well designed course with up to mark quiz
The course is really a great help for aspiring entrepreneurs. Good Job !
Thank you very much it's a wonderful courses with a wonderful professors
Thank you so much for your helpful course.  Awesome and Super wonderful.
Such a good learning course highly recommended for small entrepreneurs.
interesting and very useful to learn more about the business enviroment
This course is so amazing! Thanks for the opportunity. You're the best!
Great course to improve your english and learn how to be a entrepreneur
It's a very nice course, especially for non-English speakersMany thanks
Wonderful course, I was able to learn so much! Thanks for the teachers!
The course is great, a lot a good information, brief and useful tools.
this is so helpful for beginners! i totally recommend this, thank you!
This is a very structured course and gave me very important knowledge.
Very good,  it is easy to understand and the teachers are very good !
Very entusiastic way to learn english and many aspects about business
I recommend this course to anyone who wants to improve their English.
very good, and usefull, the homework, the videos very complete...!!!
This course was very important for me. I improved my english skills.
it is good course it helps me so much to understand business english
I love this class, nice and easy to follow , get the skills quickly
Very useful for a beginner to know how to setup and own a business.
I enjoy with this curse and I hope to join to the course like this.
This course is very good for me because I drop out from my college.
The course is very important, Thank you for this wonderful courseزز
Amazing! Thank you very much to all people who make this possible!
A course full of learnings! A must enroll course here in coursera.
A good chance for business language in use plus business knowledge
Super! Ill look for other courses from Penn University. Thank you!
Excellent work and professional - the best way to learn ... thanks
this course help me to understand more quicky and really a subject
it was fun learning Business and entrepreneurship in this manner.
Very good course. I learned a lot from this. Thank you very much.
An amazing tool to learn english and how to start a new business.
It is very good course, thank you for giving us this opportunity
Very good option to learn something new in  free time . good job
Great course to learn about entreprenurship! Highly recommended.
It is a great course! I found that I was looking for. Thank you!
Good course not only English is also a guide to entrepreneurship
Didnt Get certificates yet , kindly send me to my postal address
SO BEAUTIFUL COURSE AND I ENJOY IT. THANK YOU FOR THE EXPERIENCE
Great course for English leaners and entrepreneurs.Thanks a lot.
This is such a great opportunity of high-online education class.
This course is  very interesting and improved my english skills
Very Good, Relatively easy and with a lot of useful information
to structure in an easy way an idea and start with little money
Great opportunity to learn English and improve american accent.
Thanks a lo the for this course ! It wasn’t very useful for me
Its course is very interesrting and exciting , Thank you all !
Excellent course of English for Business and Entrepreneurship.
Excellent course, because I learned a lot and would recommend.
appreciated the way of teaching and the skill of the teachers
Helped me to improve my english skills and my business ideas.
An excellent way to learn amazing things in Entrepreneurship.
it was very helpful i have learned a lot thank you so much :)
This is a good course to take..Thank you for the opportunity.
The language . Think before starting a project. Business Plan
It was a great course, thank you so much for this oportunity.
In general this is a nice course. I recommend it to everyone.
I loved this course, I learned a lot. I highly recommend it.
It is very good course for me to study English plus business
Thank you for that experience and new knowledge you gave me!
Lovely I learned a lot through this course thank you so much
Excellent teachers. I really enjoyed the course. Thank you!
Thanks a lot teachers! Now I have knowledge about business.
this course was very important for me and learned much. Tks
Great lessons! I'm truly happy that I attended this course.
A wonderful course for business builders and entrepreneurs.
It was a very interesting program. I learnt a lot from it !
This course is the baste I've taken. Helpful and practical.
easy, concise and detailed course. Very easy to understand
It is so excellent course that every entrepreneur need it.
Great course!! Easy to understand and learn a lot from it!
It is really a good course and instructors are also great.
get to learn too much in a easy way..thank you coursera..
an excellent option for English improvement and business
I learned a lot. Thank you so much for this opportunity!
The course contents are very important and interesting .
I'm so happy. And I learnt so many things. Thank so much
this course is awesome and I had a lot of learnings.. :)
i love this course, thank you so much cuz you helped me.
i enjoy studing this course a big thanks to the teachers
Excellent course. Very insightful and immensely helpful.
It is a great opportunity to learn and practice English
This is a very good course. Thank you so much teachers.
Thank you given me chance  for this  course by coursera
It's 100% practical and the teaching staff are great!!!
Greate and interested course for non-native speakers!!!
I have learned much more expected, Thank you Coursera,
It's greatful, fantasic and useful course! Thank you!!
It was wonderful, I learned a lot and I can use them.
Very good, I learned a lot of new things, recommended
Pretty helpful to improve you business English skills
I love Corsera so much.. It is more than a teacher 💙
This  online course was  very fruitful and  wonderful
I really love it, They way they explain is special-.-
Thank you so much Coursera for this intresting Course
interesting course with different typer of exercises!
It was a great course, more than wonderful teachers.
Its way of teaching is good and give extra knowledge
An amazing and very informative course for beginners
Very helpful! Hope there will more course like that.
Excellent course, thank you very much for everything
Excelent! I learn a lot of terms, new words, tips...
This very awesome course. Thank you for everything.
it was an immersive and engaging course. fantastic!
I want to know why haven't I gotten my certificate?
Many  thanks that's make a difference in my career
Love this course, the teachers and the assessments
Coursera is very helpful in all terms of learning.
wonderful experience learning english for business
Is a really complete course, thank you very much!
It was an excellent course! I liked it very much!
Excelent course, i feel good with this experience
A very good course. i reccomend it to everyone xx
Great opportunity to improve the English language
I loved this course and i learned so much. Thanks
Courses made my knowledge high.Thanks, go forward
Very vell structured and precise! Lots of thanks!
Excellent teaching methods and great instructors
Very good option to improve your English skills.
I learnt a lot in this course.Thank you so much.
100%helpful and motivative thanks for everything
Good learning platform and professional teachers
Great free course for basics of entrepreneurship
This course is very helpful for entrepreneurship
help to improve also English and Business skills
Thank you very much from the bottom of my heart.
Thanks a lot. I liked everything in this course.
I love the course and I learn to much, thank you
It was great! Thank you so much for this course!
Enjoyed the course and its been really helpful.
I liked the course, because i learn a new words
thanks for all , i hope you achieve your dreams
this course is really helpful to me. i like it!
Thank you so much two distinguished professors.
your course is really useful to all the people
Thank you for this course! Highl recommend it!
twas easy but difficult to achieve.a ahahahhaa
It was a very useful course, I really enjoyed.
This is extremely helpful. Thank you so much!
I have learn a lot and gains some experiences
I would like to say thank you for everything.
I like it very much. Thanks for everything!!!
A very professional designed english course!!
Please send to me my certificate! Thank you.
very useful course and teaching is marvelous
It's a goog course, with excellent material.
I love to learn and know lots of new things.
I enjoyed when i stuied something from here.
Very comprehensible, interactive and useful!
Great course, I have learnt more. Thank you
wonderful course I recommended it for you.
It was very good to work with you! Thanks!
It was an excellent training. Thanks a lot
it was a very clear and beneficial course
I enjoyed this course. Thank you so much.
very good course and enjoyful thanks alot
I like his lesson. Because it is need me.
great course to lear English for business
Terrific course! Very interesting indeed!
Its Awesome to be a part of this course.
Great mentors, and very dynamic content.
Thank you very much for your great work!
Excellent course. Thank you for learning
A great experience. Many thanks all ! :)
Great course, Excercises are a challenge
It’s one of the best course I ever did.
I like this very useful course! Thanks!
Great Teachers with deeply information.
This is an excellent course. Thank you.
Wow!I am a finding it so interesting...
Amazing Course With Amazing Instructors
awesome course  thanks for your efforts
Very good course it's helped me so much
Great course with full benefits really
very interesting and high level course
This is a very helpful course.👍🏻👍🏻
Amazing class. I have learned so much.
It was good material and the platform.
Thanks for the very interesting offer.
Thank You for this really good course.
it was a great opportunity. thank you.
very useful course, highly recommended
Great course! Very usefull! Thank you!
Great content with practical materials
Excellent course. I learn many things.
An amazing and comprehensive course!!!
Very interesting course. Thank a lot.
The course is very useful! Thank you!
great course for beginner and into it
It is really usefull and interesting.
thanks for to share your knowledge :)
i enjoyed it very much!! thank you !!
A great and very professional course.
Many thanks! Very interesting course!
Great information... I really like it
Very good course.. highly recommended
Very nice course! Highly recommended.
The best course I have learnt before
Great courses for intermediate level
Changed my life, highly recommended.
Helpful Course based on fully safety
Exellent cours. Thank you very much.
Great opportunity for learning more!
It's an awesome course, I loved it!
Very practical and useful training.
Amazing!!!! I totally reccomend it!
It's was amazing, I learned a lot!!
Easy to understand, fun and useful.
Really useful and attractive course
Thats was amazing education system.
¡¡¡I like it so much this course!!!
that was really nice course for me.
Very helpful and interesting course
Nice cource, it's OK for beginners.
Well planned and executed course!!
Thank you for the GREAT knowledge!
Useful class, thoughtful designing
it's  very  interesting and useful
what can i say!! thank you so much
This is a good coutse i truly like
great course! thank you very much
I am in the process of learning .
Really helpful and worth sharing.
Excellent course and very helpful
Awesome Course, I Really Enjoyed.
Great course. Highly recommended!
Very useful  and efficient course
Very well and it helped me a lot
Very Good, this course is great.
Excellent. Thank you, very much.
I love this course. Thank youuuu
Good teaching method and useful.
Wonderful course I've ever known
Very interesting experience....
Very goood course! Sensational.
Thank you for this great course
I learned a lot in this course!
Excellent course, thank so much
this course is very interesting
Great. Specially weeks 4 and 5.
Good course for English starter
perfect courseI really love it
Really nice and helpful course
Great experience and knowledge
thank you for the opportunity.
Happy that i took this course.
Very interesting and didactic.
Very useful course for anyone
Thanks for this opportunity !
very cool and dinamic course!
course content is very useful
Was amazing all I learn here!
This course is so awesome !!!
This is an excellent course¡¡
It is well structured course.
This course is realy amazing!
smooth and good time for me.
nice, great enjoyed learning
It is one of the best course
I love teach, I from Brazil.
This course is very helpful.
Very interesting this course
It was very helpfull for me
It is very helpful for me !
Very helpful and cognitive!
Great...ongoing experience!
Thanks for the opportunity.
This course helps me a lot!
I am happy for this course
Amazing to learn an review
It was very interesting!!!
good , perfect , wonderful
Amazing and really useful!
Wow, what a great course!!
I completely recommend !!!
good learning experience.
It's a very great course!
Brief and Comprehensive.
this course was amazing
Great Topic & contents!
it was really impactful
A wonderful experience.
Very nice online course
Nice and very helpful!!
Great course!Thank you!
This is good for me!!!
great work, thank you.
Very interesting MOOC.
Thanks you very much !
A great opportunity ;)
Excelent, very useful!
A very helpful course！
Very good! Thank you!
Great course! Thanks!
very fluent and clear
It was very helpful)
It’s really helpful!
It went really well
It is very helpful.
It is very useful!
That was so useful
Thanks Professors.
It a great course
Very helpful. And
Totally worth it.
Awesome Course :)
Amazing, thanks!
vivid and useful
awesome  course
Thanks everyone
A Great course!
Perfect for me
Love every bit
brilliant one.
Great topics!
Good one <3
perfect one
