very basic and boring. very very elementary
worse course ever
Hello, I learned some new knowledge about entrepreneurship, and this course was helpful for me. However, there was not any reaction to the comments in the forum from instructors and mentors. I studied several courses online in the Coursera Community, and this course was the first course for me which instructors and mentors did not reply to the questions in the forums. In my opinion, the forums are one of the great features in the Coursera which could really helps student to learn the content better. Sincerely,Omid
Not very challenging. Will be more better if there are case studies in the quiz and we answer questions applying the knowledge from the video lectures to the case studies.
This is a good course with inputs from different experts, on an open-ended subject.The material and interviews are good.The pace of the discussion could be speeded-up, considering this is a guidance to budding 'entrepreneurs' .Similarly, the content can include more discussion on typical pitfalls, real case-studies on tipping-points etc.At few places, I found the discussion as a sermoning on do's-and-dont's, which was not very effective.Well, I may be reading it wrong, and it may be a slow-start, since its a level-1 course for beginners.Overall, good course, Thanks.
I now have a fair idea to start planning for my startup venture. A major problem in the course has been the contributions of Prof Ethan Mollick and Laura Huang. It has been really hard to follow Prof Ethan Mollick's lectures for his fumbling with words and even a significant portion of complete sentences. The most difficult part of the course was covered rather casually. Subtitles help but they too have their caveats. Prof Karl is outstanding indeed and covers up very well for the problems mentioned. Anyway many thanks for the opportunity provided for this learning.
IMO it started good, but you lost my interest in this course when it started repeating itself into annoyance on the prototyping part. Enjoyed the Ulrich and Huang sessions, as they kept my attention and kept the presentation without to much jibberish around the key points. Picked up a couple of good items such as the profiling type of companies and the idea generation. On the idea generation this differ to many other idea generation sessions, and this one is nicely backed up with empirical data.
Great Course! It provided all of the fundamental information and guidelines anyone seeking to take the plunge into Entrepreneurship would find valuable. I would ordinarily have rated the course a 5-star, except for the fact that no feedback was provided to questions raised in the forum discussions. Order than that, its a top-notch program.Thank you Coursera and wharton for this. I would definitely complete the next 4 Entrepreneurship courses.
It’s my first time taking any type of education online. I like the sequence of the course and the progression from one topic to the other . I didn’t like the way of presenting the textual material ; it’s a copy of what the professor is saying and it doesn’t make sense if read by it self , also taking note was a bit confusing. My apologies for the bad comments I really enjoyed the course and had learned a lot
Some useful frameworks but would have preferred to see more time spent addressing models and frameworks for testing the potential success of new ideas and comparing between different ideas. The tournament model covered here was not sufficient to really address this issue and it requires more depth. But otherwise a decent introduction to those not familiar/ experienced with business/ start ups.
Course can be twice shorter as it's full of water to make you curious "What's next? will I know something really meaningfull to launch my start-up?" Spreadsheer is a quite usefull tool as well as some tips abpout surveys and interviews. And a general idea of "what is it to be an entrepreneur" and how to treat whole idea of being an entrepreneur.
The course is poorly structured, as well as most of the suggested frameworks. I would expect more MECE structure or step-by-step description of what needs to be done. Instead, course is jumping from topic to topic all the time and not always provide overview of how all the bits and pieces fit into big picture.
Nice introduction, but could use more examples that are developed as part of the course. The detailed examples from the lecturers past are very valuable, but do not always bring across how the method is to implement one of the taught approaches
The course is good. helped me to get the insights about developing opportunity in entrepreneurship.It can be improve by giving more explanatory examples with latest trends.
Good simple course to start you thinking about how to create a company. SImple but important take- aways. A bit too costly for the level of depth.
It's a good course, it talks about interesting thing that you need to know in order to start thinking abour your company, product, etc.
Good Primer, hopefully the following courses in the specialization provide more value.
I think this part of the specialization should go a little bit deeper.
Lots of theory but includes some useful models and formulas
Week 4 videos and pdfs contents are not in the right order
Figure out whether your idea makes sense to go to market
Excellent course. I liked the fact that you have multiple teachers explaining and approaching the subject from different angles, so you get a view from a business, management, social, innovation and IT perspective. I'd recommend to others that are starting as entrepeneur or interested in doing so for themselves or within the company they work for (intrapeneurship - also learned during course).
Overall, this was an excellent course and, for the beginner, a great foray into general entrepreneurship concepts and ideas.  Here's why I say that:1) The professors offering the course are apparently top-notch - they all have extensive and varied experiences with entrepreneurship, and many of them have published research and reports that can be found with a quick google search.2) The amount and nature of the content make it so that it's easy to approach the course more like a workshop, than some static didactic.  For example, one of Ethan Mollick's talks comes with a spreadsheet to help students think a little more concretely and specifically about their ventures.  3) The course passed no judgement on push vs. pull ventures; they really tried to highlight the advantages and disadvantages of each.  With the business community's surge in interest in design-thinking, I had been under the false impression that a push venture, by definition, was inferior.  I gave 4 instead of 5 stars, however, because I feel that more attention could have been devoted to more service-oriented or product and service hybrid businesses (though the professors didn't totally ignore the service-oriented business).  Also, I was under the impression that the professors would have some degree of real-time interaction with students (although I get that they are super busy), or that even if the professors themselves couldn't respond, that a teacher's assistant or representative would comment on questions raised about the course content.Again, this is overall a fantastic course, though not perfect - I would still highly recommend it to anyone thinking about entrepreneurship!
This course has really good information and questions one should ask themselves when starting an entrepreneurial opportunity.   It gives a lot of information and useful interviews of entrepreneurs that they refer to in the course.  I felt there is a lack of application of the material present.  I was hoping collaborative opportunity assignments of idea creation but maybe that is not plausible with an online format. It is not clear to me at this point if all the applications in the specialization are held off until the capstone. This course consisted of only simple quiz questions where you can directly find the answers in the power points...meaning it is not challenging or thought provocative either. Overall I would still recommend because the content and high quality of the material.
This course give me valuable insights, but as a beginner, I sometimes feel kinda overwhelmed by the materials. I believe that this course's structure could be developed to be easier for aspiring entrepreneur to crunch as it's very important for people in initial phase to get the grasp of what actually they are going to learn. Despite my concerns, I still feel that this course is very engaging and fulfilling as It has a lot of inspiring examples and intriguing paradigm of how to develop the opportunity in entrepreneurship.
This was a great course. It gave an amazing overview of the Business Idea and Opportunity. It allowed me to understand the overall process. I now know how to choose what business idea to develop and also what steps there are in launch. I learned some things here that I never knew about prototypes and how to test a service business. I do wish there were more of a focus on the Service Sector. Many people these days are creating businesses in that sector and it would help me to have a better understanding on those topics.
Entrepreneurship; Developing Opportunities is a valuable course. The course topics and related contents can be improved to understand easily and well. I have improved my technical and educational experience and I will use this valuable know-how in our agrifood consulting business (www.agrofoodconsulting.com) to lead, complete and deliver the donor-funded TA projects in agrifood industry to improve the growth and capabilities of the SMEs and private sector as a consultant worldwide.
This is an incredible starting point. The main theme of the course is dealing with the intrinsic uncertainty ingrained in all entrepreneurial ventures. If you don't know how to reduce this uncertainty, you may never make it out of the developmental phases, much less procure capital investments. This course certainly doesn't cover everything but it opens the door to what you really need to focus on. Hearing the language and the terminology is incredibly beneficial.
Awesome courses, worthwhile to study. There is only one reason that's why I did not score 5 stars. I was wondering Wharton course can be hell-like difficult. But this seems not like that. Hopefully to get enrolled in Wharton one day. Fantastic learning experience. To imagine set at Van Pelt Library, to discussion questions with all super elite business school buddies and go course with them in Huntsman. By and large, just awesome. Hopefully, it can be harder.
This course provides a broad overview of the entrepreneurial process and comes complete with plenty of actionable material. It lacks any sort of meaningful collaboration with other students, which seems to be an inherent flaw of the MOOC platform more than a fault of this course. I will be taking the rest of the specialization, and hope the capstone can bring like minded students together to turn the theory we learn throughout this course series into reality.
It's a good start to actually understand how to start working on your own idea. This course sets the base or tone of entrepreneurship. I started the course just to understand the basics of it and see how entrepreneurship can be taught and to my surprise, there are lots of things that needs to be covered and to be done before starting your own venture. I am looking forward to complete or go through the other modules.
Generally, very good. Hopefully, the tests can be harder. As a student from Fox school of Business and management located at Philadelphia as well, I was wondering the Wharton courses can be hell like difficult. But this course is just easy. To ensure quality, hopefully, more challenging questions would be set up in future courses. All in all, I am glad to take this course. Thanks all instructor's effort here.
Overall I thought the class was great and I learned a lot. I look forward to using some of the lessons learned in the real world. I especially loved the interviews segments on LaunchPad and within the course. However, as a software engineer, I thought some of the suggestions for how to prototype software projects were not only very outdated, but just down right bad advice.
Solid introduction to entrepreneurship... from developing and examining opportunities, to sources of innovation, defining the focal market, understanding user needs, discovery driven planning, pricing, and prototyping. And each week ends with an interview with a successful Wharton alum sharing insights on that weeks subject. SOLID intro course.
I liked how the instructors gave practical examples to teach. One feedback - the first session where all the instructors got together, the sound wasn't that clear as it was during one-on-one with the camera, teaching. Also the demo customer interview which prof K Hossanagar (pardon if misspelt) took wasn't that audible. Overall great sessions.
Some of the videos were far too long to sustain my attention. The PDF documents were a perfect summary of the videos though, which allowed for a faster learning process. As for the rest of the course and the instructors, everything was perfect. The instructors were diverse and well-versed and the content they covered was perfectly explained.
The course is great, it gives a basis for the next to come. The one thing I liked the most is interviews, it was really great to hear and lear from those who have hands on experience, It is great not only because of their views, advices or expertise but also due to their emotions and how they felt about what they do.
This is a very good course and interesting topics included on it.  Excellent team of instructors and very professional one. In my humble opinion, I suggest incorporating more graphics to the presentations. A graphical approach can provide a better understanding of the information provided in this course.
I enjoyed this course. Variety of materials available to learn from videos to PDF slides. I've gained an in-depth understand of startups, venture capital, prototypes, importance of interviews & samples and which one comes first. Overall a sense of how to apply entrepreneurship to daily opportunities.
Very Beneficial and InsightfulI have a concern on the some instructors that they talk too fast in some lectures, the thing that may cause a little distraction for me or missing some key points. However, the course provides some great info about finding and qualifying entrepreneurial opportunities.
a wonderful opportunity to learn basics of entrepreneurship and The first very course is so helpful in starting the startup works. I recommend every one who want to see the change around and want to be the change should enrol for this course. I thank wharton for such a sublime initiative.
It was great because you see different perspective and expertise. Some things I would like more depth into, e.g. list some examples of the "how", how to achieve some points that is suggested. But overall very great for someone like me (designer) with minimal business background.
Course was a great overview.  I made bound books from the lecture slides.  Will be a great reference. Liked the pace of the course it moved very fast and seemed to be pretty comprehensive.  It surpassed my expectations for what I thoughLooking forward to the rest of the class.
Excellent course so far. Since I have some background in Entrepreneurship, sometimes I feel the lectures can get a little long, which can cause one to lose interest. Maybe break down the lectures to no more than 10 minutes would be better. Overall, great examples, interviews.
Overall, a good course. Slow at first. The class first had me concerned if I was going to learn anything new, but toward middle way, the relevancy really picked up. I am very curious to see what the Wharton School team of professors have to share in the next class.
Good course. I did find the quizes not as challenging as the Marketing and Accounting courses I took through Wharton/ Coursera. Sometimes it seems some of the Professors talk very quickly as opposed to the Core MBA offerings. Overall, great content. Thank you!
Overall i loved the course 1. But i would appreciate if there are more practical assignments that would put me as a student to work on. I would feel obliged to complete them in order to win my course certificate as well as i will gain better knowledge.
Overall good course. The slides should've been presented in only one document per module - like almost all previous courses of Wharton. All of the optional videos with interviews had audio problems (I could only hear them from the left speaker).
Although it is a very good beginner course with basic ideas and outline. But that can be found in many books on amazon compare to this costly course, I expect more detail and skill set such as analysis tools and work with number.
I recommend this course to every one who is in business and or want to do business.  Course is very well laid out and simple to understand .  I am motivated to do rest of the courses based on my experience with the first one.
It's a great course, it makes you think and open the debate of making business. Instructors are trying to give you different strategies and techniques to eliminate the uncertainty which comes packed with entrepreneurship.
I felt the first week offered almost no valuable information, and when purchasing a specialization, I expect every week to be full of facts. After that it picked up and I became satisfied. I would purchase it again.
Truly inspirational course with real life examples. Those who are seriously considering to become an entrepreneur MUST take this course. 4 stars as there is very little to do for a person who is taking this course.
I personally feel that the content needs to updates and a little bit more relatable for the students.The delivery of some professors could have been better...it was difficult to understand what they were saying.
I have to tell it is a great course. The professors are very clever and the lessons are very easy to understand, as their content is graphic and allow you to download the course's material to review them.
It is hard to take a cousre for foreigner who live abroad, but this web site & lecture gave opportunity for everone including me . It will be very helpful to anyone who have interest in Entrepreneursip
Excellent content, in-depth compared to may other MOOCs. The instructors have organized the lectures very well and shown some useful and practical methods that can be implemented at various stages.
This course has been very beneficial for me, first as an introduction into entrepreneurship, and secondly as a quick jump to practical concepts, methods and tools to develop opportunities.
It's a very helpful course as introduction to entrepreneurship world. It's very rich by knowledge about how take the risk to identify and utilize opportunities and get in the marketplace.
As it's the start of the whole specialisation it's not very clearly detailed. Like few lectures are amazing as solo lectures, but overall week wise all lectures do not connect so well.
This course in the specialization was really helpful to me in shaping my service prototype by applying "the wizard of oz" move....... Thank you so much coursera and Wharton
first of all i would like to thank coursera for giving me aid and secondly this course is very helpful specially Ethan Mollic sir and karl's sir class are very interesting
I like the way informations are structured and displayed but rather different Quiz withing the course and at the end of each instead of only at the end of the Unit course.
Great course about the product/enterpreneurship. A lot of views and approaches proven by lifetime experience.Although not all of the professors semm to be knowledgeable.
Good experience to be involved in Wharton, but I do hope there will be more optional guess interviews, which interest me most from their inspiring start-up experience.
Very nice introduction to major concepts an new entrepreneur can take advantage of in building an idea to a business.  I can't wait to explore the follow on modules.
My Experience with coursera is very nice. I successfully completed my Entrepreneurship 1: Developing the opportunity. Content present in the course is really good.
Great introduction to entrepreneurship from 4-5 very talented professors who don't have just theoretical experience but actual experience as entrepreneurs.
Embedded one page case study in the middle of the lecture videos with a followup debrief or the same during the assignments would be extremely useful.
Well developed lectures, practical examples, it is evident the instructors/professors have practical experience and provide really useful guidance
I found this course helpful and gave me basic ideas to brainstorm on a project which at the initial phase on finding out the right opportunity.
It's an overview of the definition of entepreneurship and what entails to be an entepreneur. It's a very good starting point for a begginer.
Well thought out course of instruction. It was easy to follow and challenging. Spend the time to improve videos especially in the audio.
Great course i learnt a lot of new things and know about how to generate ideas for our venture,and we can implement it inn real life.
A splendid introduction.  Only thing it lacked were exercises as part of the course work. Otherwise a very good learning experience.
Very good introductory module. Slides can improve with better content. Some speakers should pace themselves. Interviews are great
Some of the lecturers have insightful examples that help you as you take this course. Very informative for short video classes.
some faculty need to reduce their spelling speed but thanks to coursera speed control feature no other issue great course...
We need practical workshop for developing Entreprenerurship. And this is very good course for who want start a business.
Very good content and expert teachers. Overall a very good experience. I expected more articulated assessment though.
fantastic course, great lectures with examples.the only thing that is missing is live interaction else it is superb.
This course was very interesting and helpful. I am planning on taking the other courses of this programme as well.
Very well structure and easy /simple to follow. I learnt a lot from the first series on Entrepreneurship. Thanks
Sound quality was sometimes a bit bad. Sound was only left side of my speakers.Content could be more up to date.
Very useful Course that i learn alot of information that i need in my career and help me much in my life
really knowledgeable and helps to know the basic intricacies of entrepreneurship for learners
Great course, excellent teachers, would have preferred updated videos, these were from 2014
very good introduction, but a bit basic compared to the other courses in the specialisation
WONDERFUL! I have gained so much information and the professors are very engaging!
It is a great course to start. I am learning new techniques to develop my projects
A really useful material. Has lot of practical information from around the globe.
Very good overview of how to go about analysing ones idees before going for them.
Course provides a good setup of tools and methods to identify and assess ideas
Great for the beginers looking a breif dip in the ocean of entrepreneurship.
Totally recommended and a good start for the series. Also very motivational.
Good interviews and good inspiration. I am exiting to continue the course.
Comprehensive view of the opportunity identification lot of good examples
Good course, I just would like to see what I have answered in the test.
Thank you for this course! Looks like basic training for entrepreneurs.
Enjoyed the course. Sufficient detail but not too complicated.
Quite basic info. Expecting more complicated theory in part 2.
Great course overall! I just didn't find the quizzes relevant.
MUST DO COURSE FOR YOUNG BUSINESS MINDS THANKS TO PROFESSORS
I would like the course to be more interactive and engaging.
Loved it, I gave me a lot to think about and consider.
Very useful combination of stats, tips and advise
Great content, And the faculty is up to the mark
Some talks are hard to follow and lack context
Loved the content and learn something new.
Good for understanding the opportunities
Invaluable information in every lecture.
Scholarship for further modules, please.
Not enough books or references
Nice beginning.....thanks
was a really nice course
Lovely course.
Good overall.
The lectures are indispensable for anybody embarking into new business ventures whether on a start-up or an established corporation.  Great advice from world class faculty that has industry relevance.
An amazing experience with great illustrations, systematic notes and easy explanations by the teachers. A very precise to-the-point approach helps easily grasping important aspects of the subjects.
My first time to take online course. very impressive course with startup stories  corresponding to  theories I feel it would be much better if  there were a online real-time group discussion on some topic e.g what's essential for a n elevator pitch.  instead of passive teaching from PPT, interactive discussion would be more effective  for learning from each other, which is also an essential part of studying in college. Thanks to Coursera and Wharton again. will continue to finish the remaining courses of entrepreneurship. Cheers Danny .
Found the course helpful because I am able take a few things that I want apply immediately and answer questions/doubts that I had, get directions - basically take a few next steps more confidently than before taking this course :).Also liked the materials of inspiration - interviews of other entrepreneurs and their stories.
Very intresting and with helpful insight for developing opportunities. One thing could be done it is that they are focusing too much in the us market and mostly in products rather than in services.
It was very interesting to learn how to explore and test an idea. The additional audio and video interviews add up. On top of that, the professors use practical examples to illustrate the theory.
Awesome course. It is very practical and they know what they are talking about. It is very interesting to see them taking examples from their own experience. Learning from a group who have mastered these techniques by applying it is very helpful. Thanks.
Loved the overall approach the experienced Teachers taught. I'm hooked on Coursera now, learnt so much and applying them on my startup as we speak. Anyone who wants to purchase it should definitely do so without any hesitation.
'Entrepreneurship 1: Developing the Opportunity' made me believe that i had all that one should know before starting up. I would recommend this course to all those looking to build the next big thing.
This course was amazing! I look forward to the next one.
The course was excellent. Each topic that is introduced is explored deeply while real life tested examples are simultaneously provided. It teaches you a lot of strategies on how you can go about your own business and how ideas can be converted into real life models. It also comprehensively goes into a lot of strategies while explaining how they work. A lot of hypothetical situations are also provided which help you to think in those lines and be able to tackle situation. From the most effective way of brainstorming to how to collect survey data effectively. This course has it all. I would like to thank all the professors that were involved in the making of the course, its taught me a great lot and I can't wait to progress through the other courses. Even though I'm only 16 years old, this courses offers things for everyone. Even if you aren't an entrepreneur, its a great course to be part of!
Excellent course. Material was informative, crisp and worth the time and effort required to internalize it. Quiz questions were varied. Tested both memory and understanding. However, there is one particular issue which I think requires scrutiny by the Coursera Team.In the Module 4: Pitching, Testing and Prototyping Quiz there is a question which goes as follows:   "Which of the following is a best practice when developing survey questions?"Based on my interaction with the answers and the points I scored over the first attempt and on subsequent attempts(after making changes to the answers) I have strong reason to believe that the appropriate question should be     "Which of the following is *not* a best practice when developing survey questions?"  I would request the Coursera team to look into the matter. Thank you once again for making premiere education available for the masses.
Great course! The content was produced very well. The course offers the slides as PDFs & makes other materials available for download as well. The information was extremely good & informative. I say this as someone who has taken multiple business classes already on entrepreneurship, as well as reading several books, & listening to many podcasts.  The only things I would suggest as improvements are to in some of the optional content interviews at the end of the course it appears that they used a stereo recording which seems great but is a pain when you listen with headphones. You'll have only one headphone speaker with any sound. Also it would be great if the optional audio recordings at the end would be available for download or some other method.
This course provides great knowledge for anyone who wants to be successful on any career path. The teachers are actually very interesting people, entrepreneurs with great stories. It was a nice surprise in the class. I was also surprised with the depth and quality of information provided, it was beyond expectations. I suggest anyone who takes this class, or any class, take notes and save them on your cloud to master. I also got more perspective on the concepts of pivoting with, not only a business, but on your career path. It really inspires me to think about the possibility of becoming a parallel or serial entrepreneur. These teachers honestly have very cool jobs, there are no limits on your career autonomy when you are a VC.
Kartik Hosanagar is one of the better professors i have seen in the faculty for management studies. Deeply impressed by his approach of explaining techniques, by actually conducting consumer interviews and likewise designing a  prototype for software products. All the professors are great, but i would love to mention that i absolutely enjoyed the interview sessions with entrepreneurs. Only concern of mine corresponds to the fact that quizzes alone aren't really a great metric to understand if pupil understand the course content well. A more practical assessment like a situations question would be great to evaluate the budding entrepreneurs
It was extremely intriguing and exciting to learn the program modules in such a systematic and comprehensive manner but still retain the fun elements of business and Entrepreneurship. It was gripping right till the end and I did not loose my focus even once. More than anything it was a fun learning experience and I will surely try and be a part of the second leg as well. It was an eye opener for as to how business is done and things are made to look so simple in the module by just having a systematic approach to risk and risk mitigation whilst developing a business. Thank you to all the teaching faculty for this great learning experience.
If you're an entrepreneur/aspiring entrepreneur, take this course. This is the BEST content on entrepreneurship that I've come across. I've read books, blogs, and taken other courses, and this course is full of wisdom. I wish there was more focus on SaaS during the Discover Driven Planning section, as well as more scheduled moments of action with access to templates throughout the course. Similar to Ethan's sessions where he offered a template and asked viewers to pause the video to complete an exercise. The interviews were also a huge value add of this course, I was tempted to skip those ..  that would've been a huge mistake! Good luck
The professors really know their work. The interview sessions by Ulrich and Lori were very apt to give real life insight into people who are practically doing this entrepreneurship out there. I recommend this course. My pain point in the course is that I expected much more in-depth digging into Elevator pitch and the different dimensions it can take and how we can tackle it  and what sort of barrage of questions one can expect and how to reply without putting off the prospective investor since the course teachers have been in the investment arena too.Overall, it is a great course.
This is my first time of engaging in a full online program and I am particularly impressed by the content and depth of this course and the overwhelming delivery by the esteemed Professors.  From the lecture videos to the slides, the audio and video interviews and the backup online facilities, I  cannot but express my sincere appreciation to the entire Whatson management for this rare privilege of acquiring  the startup skills of Entrepreneurship Specialization through this medium and to Coursera for the enabling financial aid support.
This is the first time I've taken a business class however whenever I explain it to friends or watch interviews etc I realize how much I've learned about ironing out the idea phase of a start up. The class provides a normalcy to the idea of startups and makes it accessible to anyone.  I can't imagine an aspiring entrepreneur taking this class without having a complete change in perspective on how to approach creating an idea, having confidence afterwards, and knowing the next steps to take afterwards.
I find the course useful, mainly because the professors talk about their own experience with their business and businesses they co-founded.Professor Ulrich is absolutely amazing and I loved all of his lecturer - good pace of speach, very interesting (practical) content. Unfortunately it can´t be said about all of the professors. Some of them just read so quickly that for me it´s hard to be able to actually think about what they are saying. Sometimes I just read the transcript.
Excellent course. A wealth of information. All instructors impressive. I liked it how fast and natural they talked. It did not really feel that they were just reading from the screen. I also liked how the lectures were rather long and meaty, not interrupted by some foolish questions to check our understanding. The extra material such as Wharton radio interviews were useful and fun. Looking forward to the remaining courses in this specialization. Gratitude from Chicago.....
I really like this course, it provide me a lot of tools that I am using to start as an Enterpreneur. Evaluations are purely about facts of the course and do not involve judges from other people (as other enterpreneur courses where your idea is being attack even that you are not quite sure of it). I appreciate teacher´s experience, they came up with life examples of each topic in their own ventures and even share formulars and best resources. Looking forward to next part...
This is a great overview of getting started in developing concepts for new ventures. With decades of innovation experience, more than half in startups, this was a worthwhile investment of time. I'm planning on one of several new opportunities, including consulting with several startups, and want to fill in what I needed to understand, renew an understanding of key concepts and re-align to best practices. I'd recommend this course to anyone diving into entprepreneurship.
it was absolutely mind blowing & probably more than what i expected from this course. Techniques, examples, language, Used Case Analysis were spot on & i never felt that i was sitting thousands of kilometres away. I could relate to the teachers so well & they had a very good grip & experience of not only academics but also practical world. I would like to extend a big thank you to all the Professors, Wharton & Coursera for developing this course.
A thoroughly engaging course that made learning the basics about Entrepreneurship both insightful and relevant to the modern world. The principles can be applied across product, software and services. The mechanisms and techniques studied can be applied to innovation in the workplace, for those uninterested in actually pursuing an entrepreneurial career. Would highly recommend this course to anyone looking upgrade their skills and knowledge bank.
The course is very interesting and useful, especially for me who lives in the country encouraging mass entrepreneurship and innovation. But I cannot take the tests as an auditor. I am not working in the business, I only need to learn the knowledge first, and choose to get the certificates whenever I need. Other courses like Machine Learning allow you finish all the processes and buy later. Could these Entrepreneurship courses also do like that?
It made me realise about our social mission: to make a significant contribution in our own community beyond financial sustainability. Thank you very much!  Professors of Wharton, I am greatly indebted for the knowledge you have shared. I wish to continue to deepen my understanding on entrepreneurship and help generate jobs for the impoverished families in my community. I am hoping to make it as my career goals after finishing this course.
Brilliant course.  Excellent instructors.  Course structure was concise and easy to follow.  I thought product demo's, use of real business case scenarios and venture's made the course more exciting and appealing.  This course has certaintly given me the motivation and confidence to perhaps consider starting my own business. I will now move on to the next course of the specialisation.  Thank you all very much!!!
It was my immense pleasure to learn such a wonderful things from such professor of one of the top business school in the world . I love this course .I suggest professor to update various data and facts as they were quite old as of 2020.I also suggest all the enrolled students to complete all four specialization of this topic because completing only one will not hep help to get core concept of entrepreneurship .
It is a great specialization! The professors are really engaged and they find a great balance between providing the latest research on entrepreneurship as well as teaching practical insights. Personally, I really enjoy that the professors have own experience in building a start-up and are willing to share their experiences and learnings with us. This makes the course even more tangible and valuable...
Unlike other courses barely scratching the surface of this subject, this course provides insightful information for potential entrepreneurs, applicable in real practice. In my opinion, the depth of subject coverage is respectful to entrepreneurs from any educational background, however enough to be considered appropriate as a proper University course. Congratulations to the team involved!
Content is too rich to learn key aspects of Entrepreneurship but while accessing lecture videos the motion of the picture gets stuck and only allow audio to run. All in all every thing is perfect only just one request of smoother video streaming without interruption.. Really thanks all Faculty member to teach us key aspects of Entrepreneurship and showing us the area where we do mistakes.
Such a wonderful and comprehensive course, all the professors were so knowledgeable that I have got something new in each and every second. This course will help me in my teaching profession. I want to pay great thanks to Coursera for providing such a brilliant platform, and to the Wharton for providing so productive course. I recommend each and every to take this course.
This was a wonderful course! This course gave me the right questions I need to ask myself as I begin my business and also gave me the tools necessary to answer those questions and to actually start building my website.  I would highly recommend this course for anyone who is looking to start their own business in any field.  The information presented here is invaluable.
I love this course and how each module links in the end to someone who is actually either in the trenches as an entrepreneur or has brought an idea into market and is now in the process of refining the offering. In my opinion it provides quantifiable tools that can help me take an idea from a notebook doodle onto an actual working prototype - thank you for this!
The course is structured very well with the strategies and tools being mentioned having effective results when implemented. I especially liked how everything presented was backed by research and demonstrated evidence. It's a great course, especially if you are building your startup with every lesson and following the learnings and strategies mentioned.
I consider it a great way to introduce you to the world of the entrepreneur. it doesn't look for find the ultimate answer to everything, instead of that they equipped you with a lot of questions. They provide you with tools and ideas that start from simple, logical principles of rapid implementation.

For me is the just what I need at this moment.
I loved this course! I did not know much about entrepreneurship going into this course and once I completed it, I feel as if I could create my own business right now. It was easy to comprehend and the information was well reviewed in the quizzes. If you are a beginner in all things relating to entrepreneurship, this is the course for you!:)
I've seen many entrepreneurship educational content, read scattered articles and attended dozens of workshops. But this course is really exceptional in the way it's crafted and delivered. It's actually well structured, to the point and very practical and that is the most important thing. I highly recommend it for early stage entrepreneurs.
As a complete neophyte of Entrepreneurship myself, couse 1 of this specialization successfully enganges the neophyte student. like me, into the field of Entrepreneurship and particularly to the subject of developing the opportunity.  Really wonderful presentation of the essence of developing the entrepreneurial opportunity.
Great inputs on how to get started with a business. Gives a lot of information on how one can work to make their enterprise successful and conveys info in a smart way as to how to avoid the pitfalls that most founders experience when starting a business of their own. The wealth of live cases/interviews is really helpful.
For anybody interested in calling him or herself an entrepreneur, this is an excellent way to start. Having good ideas is great! But we all need the basics to put those ideas to work. I enjoyed having an insight from professionals about the realness of launching a company and finding financial independence from scratch.
The professors were very thorough and direct in their explanations, and providing real examples supported my learning of the concepts. This course was substantive and step-by-step, and left me feeling like tangibly building upon an idea and sharing it with others while earning a financial profit was possible for me.
This course was absolutely amazing! I really loved listening to all the amazing information that all the proffessors and mentors had to say. I highly recommend this course to anyone that is even the slightest bit interested in the field of entrepreneurship, or even already an entrepreneur to grow your skillset.
I am so impressed with the quality of this course! And am VERY grateful for Coursera giving me access to such quality education. The content I learned is exactly the help I needed as I begin my journey of entrepreneurship and start-up world! I am thankful to all the professors, the content is right on target!
This is course par excellence! A must for every fledgling entrepreneur! Everyone should abide by it and keep it as a Bible for the rest of his life! The course material, the professors, the slides, the videos, the interviews, the audio files and of course the angelic Professors are the best that you can get!
The course was very interesting to me and exciting to pursue.One of my doubts is about details on some specific topics. On one hand, avoiding to go deep into details helps to speed up the course. On the other, is it supposed you will learn the details on your own or they are described in some other courses?
Good starter material, though that's my totally inexperienced opinion. If anything, perhaps too easy, but more often than not I found valuable information, whether it was new material, or something I thought was plain and straight forward but turned out not to be the case or worked in a different way!
This is the best study material for any person interested in entrepreneurship because it cover all the  questions and topics related to any new enterprise.The teacher are not only theoretical but practical too.They themselves have the entrepreneurship experience which is the best part of the course.
It is a great game changer for people looking to start almost all kinds of ventures, from segmenting the market, prototyping  and build services ventures.i would say that i love the last part of the wizard of OZ aproach to services by enabling to do a side prefection at times to try doing business.
Great course material. Very professionally designed. The materials such as discovery driven planning, interviews, surveys, prototyping are tools that I will take from the course. It would have been also great, if there were some graded assignments where we could actually apply some of the tools.
This course was a great introduction to the topic of Entrepreneurship. While being relatively simple to understand, it was very useful in providing me with a structure on how to approach the beginning phases of launching a new venture and on how to reduce the initial risks connected with it.
The course was taught by professors who were entrepreneurs themselves and therefore are highly practical. I learned both principles and best practices that I can apply readily. Strongly recommend to all that are interesting in start-up or opportunities within a corporate environment.
This course contains lots of useful insights and information. Even though I already know and experienced lots of things mentioned in this course as an entrepreneur,  i still learned something new and it helps me to restart thinking about my business with a more systematic approach.
The program is really complete and clear with specific and defined tools to be used during the new entrepreneurial trip! Professor are clear and go straight to the point. I really loved this course and concrete and practical way of teaching. I definitly want to continue with them.
Incredible. This course offers an amazing array of information that really helps you how to frame an idea and concept, and then how to envision and plan accordingly before launching it. From the right way to interviewing to the different stages of prototyping. Really good course.
Excellent course outlining how to innovate within markets, find product/market fit, gain user feedback, prototype products, and pitch ideas to investors, customers, employees, and partners.  This course effectively teaches a future entrepreneur how to "develop their opportunity".
Entrepreneurship can be learnt in a formatted way- this
realization I got after going through the course. For many people who fail in
making venture must go through this course. It will also help to non- business
people to be in the right thought of making a startup.  Thank you
I really enjoyed this course to the fullest. I could see the amount of effort really goes to be an entrepreneur. The risks needs to be minimized, and once the opportunity is seized, its all about minimization of three factors: Money, Effort and time. Great course to start!
I think the instructors did a great job of delivering the information for the course.  It was so interesting, I couldn't stop.  I loved the conversational type lecture.  Especially loved the introduction and seeing the discussion among the professors related to the course.
Engaging and fast--if you are not simultaneously developing a product, the course moves quickly (I also watched the videos all the time because I really enjoyed the classes!). I liked all of the professors very much! Camera and audio quality was stellar, too.
It was a nice introduction to the concept of entrepreneurship. I previously thought it was just about building a new enterprise, but understanding how entrepreneurship factors into existing business was especially useful. I look forward to the next course!
This course was absolutely world class.  The professors are in the top of their field and presented current, helpful, and understandable material.  The class exceeded all expectations and I look forward to completing the rest of the courses in this series.
This course gave me a great introduction into the world of Entrepreneurship. It is easy to follow and in my opinion--worth the time and effort. I am excited to continue with the specialization as this course has already proven to expand my knowledge.
This 4 week Course has been very informative and inspiring. While taking it, I found myself thinking up many ideas and being able to give some structure to a few of them. I signed up for the entire specialization and can't wait to start the next one.
Excellent course. Although I have my Executive MBA, there were many concepts and frameworks we didn't have the opportunity to discuss or learn in that program.  I found the teaching and information went in-depth; much more than what I was expecting.
I enjoyed the course very much! I can feel my perspective on the society around has changed that I have started to identify certain opportunities. In addition, my thought process about the best approach to address these opportunities has also grown.
It is an amazing course and full of inspiration and intellectual material to apply in business projects, undertake new projects and generate more value. It really helps to professionalize business ideas and the endless opportunities they have.
A great simplistic approach to entrepreneurship, and analysis of risks and strategies associated with the occupation. Great introductory material, laid out to cover most, if not all, types of business venture opportunities for entrepreneurs.
Perfect way to get an idea of entrepreneurship. The course is well-designed and gave me both the broad overview initially and then really got into the nitty-gritty of developing an opportunity. I really enjoyed all the different professors.
It's amazing how detailed and straightforward the course is. It covers all aspects, and all options (product, software, service). I definitely feel more confident as an independent and consider completing the rest of the course chapters.
It is a great course for anyone t o learn the basics of things to consider before launching a successful business enterprise.Kudos to all U Penn professors who have dedicated a lot of time to create this master piece of an online course.
I started this course with zero background and experience in the matter. It was a great start for me, and I plan on finishing the whole specialization due to the high value of information given and effort put in curating the course.
A very good course from such a prestigious college,and doing it through a medium of Coursera is a great experience. Thanks a lot to coursera for giving me this opportunity to persue the course and learn from great platform.
Great first class on entrepreneurship. I learned a lot that is helping me shape a venture idea and hope that the remaining classes in the specialization will offer more of the guidance I need to move forward with my idea.
Fantastic course. Very well laid out. I recommend you follow the teachings when starting a business - it helps! Thank you to the course lecturers who have clearly put in a lot of effort to create such a fantastic course.
I learned a lot from this course however you could also include some graded asignemts other than quizzes. Maybe essay writing, or pitching or choosing a name. You could also give us cases and ask us to find a solution.
Incredible faculty with a well-organized syllabus makes this a perfect experience of learning. It's a great learning experience with having an opportunity to schedule classes according to one own timetable.
We think we understand entrepreneurship but when I enrolled here, I came to know that I didn't even consider many things. This course will help to minimize the risks of failure in entrepreneurial journey.
Received practical tips in validating a business idea. some of the take away are directly applicable to a start up set up and further stimulates ideas on what could have otherwise rejected as unimportant.
Amazing course. As a young engineering student, I've learnt many theoretical methods to apply my Idea. Thanks Coursera for providing such an opportunity and also special thanks to the precious lecturers.
Brilliant insights, Prof Kartik is especially brilliant to listen to.Prof Ulrich has tremendous experience, and Prof. Mollick provides great confidence on how to physically do stuff.Absolutely loved it!!
An excellent course for establishing the foundation of developing new ideas. I've found this highly beneficial, even after developing new innovation in the health and nutrition space for over 20 years.
The examples and example startups helping us to visualize and imagine the situation and the topic related to example. I think you can increase the number of startup examples to inspire people/students.
Even as I had started with a fragmented idea about entrepreneurship, this course kind of helped to articulate and build a structure of thought process around it. Looking forward for the courses ahead.
Great course providing insights on developing a market-fit product using iterative approach, prototyping and getting feedback through interviews and surveys for the product that we are developing.
This course is well thought out and well organized and offered a lot of knowledge and insight that I intend to apply to my business idea. I am excited and plan to take the entire specialization.
Nice insight, despite having had entrepreneurship and business knowledge, this course is giving me a lot of material to work with for now and the future. Hope it will keep up the high standards
I liked the course but would have taken a different approach to identifying opportunities in the service sector.  The methodology was forced fit to cover services, but it didn't really fit.
This course was an excellent introduction to finding my ideas were viable. I thoroughly enjoyed the content and the real life examples were extremely helpful. Higher recommend this course!
Well prepared information, lessons and resources.  Panel of experts - a team approach to articulating the course.  Each bringing their own skills and experiences making it more personable.
The material was very informative and instructors where also very spot on with their presentation. I enjoyed the course very much and look forward to other courses in this specialization.
Great course that's taught by actual entrepreneurs about the basic of starting a business. As an aspiring entrepreneur myself, this provided me with a lot of actual real-world wisdom.
It was so amazing, I am so happy that I completed this course. Thanks for everything, It could be so helpful to write modules and our grades also on the certificate. Thanks so much
This course is simply amazing. It is well-thought, practical, and insightful! I`m amazed of how an introductory course on a specific topic can inspire and motivate oneself so much!
The content is profound, deep, and encouraging.  It is refreshing to draw knowledge from such well-established thinkers. Inspiring and uplifting course for any young entrepreneur.
It was a great experience to learn from Wharton's Esteemed Professors and explore the opportunity, risk, management and more in building a start-up or working as an Entrepreneur.
A course that clearly illustrate how to approach a business opportunity with tools that can help you to reduce some risks and uncertainties that can appear in this venture path.
Sufficient learning materials and comprehensive knowledge points. I can feel the very decent efforts you've put in this session! Really, really great! So late to have this lol
Give an excellent introduction on entrepreneurship. The first chapter might be a little ambiguous, but the later chapters are really helpful on understanding entrepreneurship.
One of the best course available on coursera, the course has clearly helped me achieve my objective. Thanks to the excellent faculty, wouldn't have been possible without them.
Content is very easy to understand and follow. Power Point Presentations really comprehensive.Maybe some tasks can be included throughout the course for a bit of practicing.
I’m really happy and proud to have been a part of this and I definitely would continue through the other stages. The program is very easy to understand and it is inspiring
This is an excellent course. It prepares you with everything you need in order to learn how to develope a business opportunity just from the idea.I do recommend it 100%.
Very helpful in understanding the process of developing the opportunity, I am sure this will save me a lot of time and efforts in my business opportunity exploration.
An excellently conceived and excellently delivered course. Very useful, engaging and practical. Thumbs up all round! Thank you for brilliant tools, ideas and guides.
Module based on real facts. Professors with experience as entrepreneurs. Content Delivered in Logic order. This is simply what i was looking for. Thanks to wharton.
I really enjoyed this course. It stretched me to think beyond my scope and I'm looking forward to commencing further modules in the Entrepreneurship Specialisation.
This course gave me a better idea for what to do when starting a startup. It really grounds me and shows me what I could do for my product to make it successful.
It was amazing experience! I feel that now I have much better understanding of tools and approaches that can increase my chance of success in starting business.
Excellent, I have learned may tips about the way to developing the prototypes. It's important to assess your potential to develop a enterpreurship successfull.
It is great to know the methodology about innovation in start up and big company. It can help you to develop your own method to evaluate the new opportunities.
Very informative! After finishing part one, I now know that this is the program I want to take. I look forward to learning how exactly how to start my company!
Wonderful course for entrepreneurs in their early stage of work. Beautifully explained the subtle nuances of developing a business idea to its practical form.
A great course given by excellent professors.  It teaches best practices and challenges its students to use the best approach to development of our offering.
I am truly amazed, I never believed it could be this possible .thanks to my friend that introduced me to coursera as I am looking forward to do more courses
Extremely beneficial for a student like me who is going to start his career.I am sure that this course will help me in giving a flying start to my career.
A well developed content with many new concepts and models, which are crafted in a manner that is easy to understand. I really like it. Great experience!
I've learned Entrepreneurship course, and I developed my career and academic knowledge through this course. I would like to an other coursera course if I
Very well taught, with great examples and interviews from real scenarios. This helped a great deal in iterating few concepts and ideas before launching.
Excellent Course. If you are really keen on being a entrepreneur, irrespective of the kind, this course definitely has really valuable lessons to offer.
Really interesting, well-balanced approach to the topic of Entrepreneurship. A good set of teachers explain topics in a clear and substantiated manner.
A must-take course for anyone interested in entrepreneurship. My appreciation to everybody who has helped to develop this course. Onto the next course.
This course is exactly what I have been waiting for. Not having had the opportunity to have a business education, these teachings are invaluable to me.
Excellent course by amazing teachers. Excited to move onto the next class in the specialization. Thank you Wharton, for offering these courses online.
Great course! I like that all professors use examples and companies that were successful or not successful that helps you understand. Thank you UPenn!
The Lecturers are fantastic and the Interviews are world class in insight, so fortunate to have access to this at such an affordable cost. Thank you!!
Really great course! As an experienced entrepreneur, I must admit, there was value in the information provided and HOW it was communicated.  Loved it!
I love it! It's everything I wanted to learn about starting a business and launching my own startup. Very informative and useful. Highly recommended!
One of the high grade, informative and interactive online course on entrepreneurship. The knowledge acquired is definitely worth the time and effort.
Really good course for beginners in Entrepreneurship. It served me to get to know well what it is about and how to get started with my own projects!
Wonderful course, I would never know entrepreneurship could be taught in such a way! definitely recommend anyone who are intersted in this subject!
Great beginning for any course in entrepreneurship!  Liked the way opportunity space is explained in course. Very clear delivery and language used.
Absolutely a great course for beginners , even start ups with good knowledge of entrepreneurship will find this course useful. Highly recommended.
Great course, A real Value addition for anyone who is thinking about starting an Entrepreneurial journey.The Audio Interviews are great Value Adds
I learned a lot. I am going to start a business, but I'm glad I took this class first. In this class I learned how to avoid some costly mistakes!
it was very easy to follow the instructors. I also benefitted from the many examples throughout the courses. The delivery was clear and concise.
The course provided a good mixture of lectures and real world examples, but I really enjoyed the interviews with actual entrepreneurs, priceless
A very practical and interesting approach to finding opportunities and analysis. As a student, it provides sufficient knowledge for a beginner.
Fantastic course. It's the first one I'm really satisfied with. It's well explained and they give us concrete tools. Don't hesitate, go for it!
It is an amazing course. I had a startup a few years back and by listening to this course, I was wishing I knew these materials before I start.
Amazing course! Even though I have already have a business degree I learned so much. Instructors are clear, concise and provide great examples.
Great Course for those seeking to get a firm understanding of what to consider when starting a business and how to reduce the risk of failure.
This is my first run ay Coursera. I found this course to be insightful and well structured, and love the convenience of working at my own pace
Really enjoyed this course.  The videos were very engaging and the content was highly valuable.  Every aspiring entrepreneur should take this!
Excellent course.  The presenters were engaging.  The content was well structured.  There were many valuable insights shared along the way...
Excellent introduction to entrepreneurship, really motives you to keep going, but also provides real tools to use right away in your journey.
It was an awesome experience of learning. I learnt many new thing. I am looking forward to complete all the courses in this specialization.
Great course! Full with examples and with a great multidisciplinary team. Just great! I've learned a lot and I'll continue learning more.
A great course indeed. Got helped a lot by knowing about the ways of finding the proper opportunities and time for launching a business.
Excellent online tutoring and easy to learn interface. Brilliant Professors and simple to review logic and rationale. Overview is good.
Terrific real life examples and tools!  Very helpful taking your idea and making it a real product and/or service.  Well worth the $95.
I leaned a lot. I adjusted the two sentenced pitch already on my website. The lessons are on a good tempo and the explanation is good!
Wow, really outstanding the content of the course was truly helpful and genuine,and the way of explanation was outstanding great work.
A very well-versed introduction to entrepreneurship! The professors practice themselves the things they talk about. That says it all.
Excellent course, it gives you the best set of concepts, tools and strategies to search, analyze and develop a business opportunity.
Excellent course! Recommend highly for budding entrepreneurs, product/service designers,  developers, and marketing professionals.
Experiential learning. Every concept is explained using examples, which makes it simpler to grasp. Must do for every entrepreneur.
There are several zingers that open ones eyes to greatness. The Wizard of Oz model is my favorite. It's like hitting the jackpot.
Hurray! there was certain curiosity regarding entrepreneurship but after enrolled the course has been reduced since the joining.
I've learned a lot from this. Very informative and hopefully, I could apply the learning in my future endeavor. Thank you again.
This course is insightful. It is great to learn practical examples and techniques to apply in the real entrepreneurial journey.
A go-to if you are curious about the way start-ups work and the crude meaning of what Entrepreneurship is. Highly recommended.
I took a lot away from this course, the makeup was great! Now I know why you are the best business school in the country (US).
I really like the course! I took more than 3 already with Coursera, but this one is just excellent! It is perfectly described!
Loved this course. Interesting, topical materials that address issues that l'm facing and tackling setting up my own business.
This is one of the best course that I have ever had to follow! Thank you both Coursera and Wharton University of Pennsylvania.
This course was so helpful to me in terms of looking for opportunities and how to make a plan and strategy to develop my idea.
I thought it was a great course with real world experiences taught by professional knowledgeable and experienced individuals.
Excellent course; it breaks the process down into logical, manageable pieces and stitches them together into unified pattern.
This course has been amazing. Thank you so much to all the professors! The perfect way to begin my entrepreneurship journey.
Greatest team of professors in the world, awsome entreneurship program, I feel the wisdom and passion of all instructors!!!
Loved this course! If you're stuck on an idea & curious where to begin, I highly recommend enrolling in Entrepreneurship 1.
As a software engineer wanting to learn about entrepreneurship I found this to be a quite useful introduction to the topic.
This course has been phenomenal. Moves a lot of concepts from "magical" territory into tools that I can use over and over.
It was really insightful and I love how the professors were really engaging. Thanks for creating such a wonderful course.
I really enjoyed this course and the instructors approach to the lessons. Great instruction and great lessons. Thank you!
This course provided me enough insights of the entrepreneurship approach. Learned many new things,going to implement now!
The professors are clear in their teaching and obviously know what they're talking about. Thank you for providing this!
Good pace and very valuable information shared in this course. I recommend the additional optional cases. Thats golden!
This course was extremely informative on all the different skills you'll need to learn when pursuing entrepreneurship.
Very informative, learnt a lot easily in a short amount of time and enjoyed hearing about all the real life examples.
So far Excellent. I am planning to start my own business and I think this is a great step one source of information.
I learned really awesome details about how the entrepreneur will start they journey and  Developing the Opportunity
The course is really good and every entrepreneurs out there should take this course. You'll then see for yourself.
This was really an amazing experience learning so many things about Developing Opportunities in Entrepreneaurship
The course is detailed wherein I learned lots of great concepts that will help me a lot with my entrepreneurship.
All the information you need, right in one place. Lucid format, clear and concise material. 10/10 would recommend
Very helpful course for those young minds who are looking for some guidance to go ahead with their startup ideas.
very good as intro it has added to me a lot of values but still need for update it's tools and external resources
This course is very practical and insightful. I recommend this course if you are interested in Entrepreneurship.
Good course. But the content is very less.You should include some readings and longer videos.Thank you everyone.
Lots of crucial information, great presentations, and wonderful testimonials from entrepreneurs.Thanks Wharton.
Clear explanations. Cover all basic knowledge of entrepreneurship. I hope to study more and more in this field.
This course has given me a huge insight into becoming an entrepreneur. I feel very privileged to have taken it.
I found the course to be an excellent overview of how to think about and assess your startup or business ideas.
It's great to learn the entrepreneurship here, this course expended my vision, offer me a new tool to thinking.
If you want to start a business, this course will put you on the right track. Very enlightening and practical.
Great course to familiarize yourself with the topic of Entrepreneurship and discover if this field is for you.
Very helpful course to help me plan next steps and evaluate my current plan for launching a service start-up.
Very good content to understand basics.Need to add challenges part also to start new business with new idea .
I was skeptical at first but now I am motivated and ready to complete all the courses, loved the information.
This is a great learning from the masters in the field. Gave a good polish to the grey areas in my knowledge.
The course was very good and informative.  Can't wait to take the next course in earning the Specialization.
Very thorough and straight forward. Great for people without any background in business or entrepreneurship.
Great insight and extremely useful information for someone with no previous experience in entrepreneurship.
Great course, however I have already taken something similar. Only really learned from the first segment.
I really like this course and all the teachers from different areas , thanks for the opportunity to learn
Was a great introduction to developing ideas for entrepreneurship and understanding how to be successful
It actually added lot of sense for analysis and capturing the right data for evaluating the opportunity.
Absolutely fantastic. Are there any other online Entrepreneurship offerings from Penn (Masters, MBA etc)
Amazing course, highly recommended! Small feedback: quality of slides could be improved (e.g., grammar).
Clea introduction to Entrepeneurship with real life examples and well structured course. Great course !
very well made and presented video. Arguments were easy to follow and looked convincing and motivating.
Great introduction to entrepreneurship. I definitely plan on completing the rest of the specialization.
This course has given me a greater insight for entrepreneurship which that helped a lot in my startup.
I am very impressed with the professors and the way they broke everything down into bite-sized chunks.
It such a helpfull knowledge provided by way to learn the basic of entrepreneurship and its objective.
Very much in detail, a lot of helpful tools and step by step guidance. Very clear and understandable.
Immediately usable, amazing, and exceptional information insights are the take-away from this course.
Doing this course in tandem with the Technion's course and i am really excited about both of them :)
truly fantastic course which gives deep insights into how the real-world functions. truly worth it!
Entrepreneuership can be learned. The idea how to test the idea hypothesis is good.it helps me lot.
this course is one of the greatest sources of information that I have been able to get my hands on.
Love the teachers, showing the clarity and passion to give the proper tools for new entrepreneurs.
Brilliant course. Provides great overview of idealization to actually bringing your idea to life.
The professors of this course are amazing and passionate teachers. You wouldn't get bored at all.
Great course, seems to me that this 4 courses together may be have the best content for start-ups
Such as great opportunity to learn this kind of course from one of the best school in the nation!
Very interesting. It really shows you how to develop and evaluate your ideas. I was really useful
Great course that provides full guidance for someone who is just starting to develop their idea!
A must-take course in the journey of entrepreneurship. Thank you Wharton and thank you Coursera.
Excellent course for beginners! Provides you a methodical approach on how to start your venture.
Very easy to comprehend and acquire the knowledge offered in this course I loved it! Thank you!
Very useful give a clear thought on parameters to be considered for a start up or new business.
A clear and confident leg-up to your entrepreneurial journey!!!  Thank you Coursera and UPenn!
A good introduction to Entrepreneurship.  Professors and lessons are interesting and engaging.
i like the course very much, it offers good analysis for finding an oppertunity for startups .
Great course for the beginner. It would be better for more example and case study. Thanks. Jom
Great Learning Experience. Clear lectures and beneficial. Looking forward to the next session.
Looking forward to the rest of this series.  Informative.  Easy to follow.  Extremely helpful.
Using Strategies learned from this course helped me to get funding for my innovative project.
Interesting and comprehensive, clear examples and well articulated necessities to start with.
enjoyable lectures. relevant and puts into context many business concepts in a cohesive whole
I loved this course. It was very easy to follow, the professors were relevant and relatable.
nice intro to entreprenuership.  I was able to use the concepts in my businesses immediately
Thank you for giving me a great information about how to take advantage of the opportunities
The best course i ever took. So interesting and fascinating content, and amazing teachers.
excellent material on how find opportunities an develop then, from the idea to prototyping
It's a great course to give you a real sense about opportunities and how to evaluate them.
Excellent course. I will be of great help for me at this moment that i opened a business.
This course is enough to teach you how should you think about your your Idea and test it.
Very helpful! I learned a significant amount about starting myself up as an entrepreneur.
Really happy with the content. Excellent teaching method. Thank you for the opportunity!!
Really pragmatic! I have started to use it in my business and hope to get a good result!
I think if you are lost or new to developing a buisness this is a great place to start!
It was everything. Very helpful. I am much better for it. Thanks to all the professors.
Clear and concise explanations balanced with real world examples and actionable advice.
Well written and presented. I look forward to the whole set of modules in this program!
Highly educative and easily understandable. looking forward to the further assignments.
Great resource on opportunity analysis, what to consider when you have an idea in mind!
I loved the course and its just a perfect introduction to Entrepreneurship. Thanks You
great course that covers a wide range of topics relevant to the initial phase startups
I learnt new techniques and I knew several information, I wasn't familiar with before.
Very practical approach and relevant examples provided to help understand the content.
I have enjoyed studying course, it is a great entry level course for any entrepreneur.
It was a very nice course . It gave me a lot of knowledge about the entrepreneurship .
This is really an excellent course. The voices of the experience talking and teaching.
Well designed, experienced professors. Thank you so much cousera and Wharton college.
i really enjoyed and learned a lot from  the course so  thanks a lot to all proffesor
The content is great, and the teachers are awesome. Very glad I could learn from them
This course definitely helped me gain some knowledge that I did not previously have.
Really Enjoying The Courses on Entrepreneurship, Glad to be part of this opportunity
It's good course for only to understand the market need and solution and manufacture
Very comprehensive and well mentored course, I feel privileged to study this course!
Great course gives you a great eyes ahead of your startup. Great for all beginners.
Excellent information. Maybe in a few years, I will have my own successful company.
A great course that allow you understand basics for your entrepreneurial adventure.
It have many of useful questions that asks you to ask yourself as an entrepreneur.
Very good fundamentals of understaing of start and development of Enterpreneurship
Succinct. Informative. Good examples. Practical. Excel practice sheets are great
Thanks a lot Professors & Wharton. Great Job. Please do some Workshop in Canada
I enjoyed this course, how it was delivered and how in-depth the classes were.
Excellent course and supporting materials, must for every budding entrepreneur
I was a good introduction to complicated things in a simple manner. Thank you.
Structure of the course explanations given by lecturers truly at world class
Quality of a graduate level course at a decimal of a percentage of the cost.
Great course, practical real world experience, excellent insights. Thankyou.
Great to understand your potential customer(s) & proof of concept/market fit
I REALLY DO APPRECIATE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO HAVE FREE ACCESS TO YOUR PROGRAM
Great start into the topic, very convincing and well-presenting instructors
Learning new ways to look at business helps develop you as an entrepreneur.
This course covered the basics very well.  Relevant examples with clarity.
Very good course if your are interested in learning about entrepreneurship
A very practical specialization course on Entrepreneurship... solid stuff!
Excellent course to learn different facets of Successful Entrepreneurship
Fantastic and very educative classes! God bless you all for the classes!
Great course, good high level into deciding which opportunity to pursue.
Very explanatory, teaches you the correct thinking and planning needed.
Very informative and excellent course instructions! Highly recommend!
Content of the course is very nice and helpful. Learned alot from it.
Informative and presents basic runways to pursue your idea to launch
Excellent Course and proffesorsThanks for design this useful content
Perfect course for a intial develop of a entrepreneurship. GRACIAS!!
Great course. Highly recommended for the up-and-coming Entrepreneur.
This course has helped me gain skills I need to launch my start-up.
I completed the Harvard online course and so far 1and 2 are better!
Great course - wish I knew about this prior to starting my company!
relevant content!  thank you course is of great value to my journey
Very insightful,simple to understand,easy to apply and interactive
Fantastic course. Great school, Great teachers and Great content.
Wonderfully and educational.  Thank you for offering this course.
Awesome course includes both theoretical and practical knowledge.
Interesting and informative intro into the entrepreneurial field.
I'd like this course, it is great beginning for idea development!
Very useful but I feel in some videos the teachers talk too fast
This is course taught me how identify the promising opportunity
well articulated. would definitely recommend taking this course
Great professors and valuable knowledge about entrepreneurship.
very informative and relevant for the present day entrepreneur
Learnt a lot in this this course by some of the best teachers.
Happy to learn these valuable concepts from top class faculty.
this course is really amazing if you want to launch a startup
I really enjoyed this course it helped me to learn new things
Great Course. It was easy to understand and it's really fun.
Really good insight on the beginning steps of a new venture.
I enjoyed taking the course  , but i think it was very light
Focused on all the right points and enjoyable. Great course.
I liked it very much. This course is very well done I think.
Where are all introduced instructors just saw  a few of them
Very practical and easy to understand examples and content.
Great course. The professors have a wealth of information.
It is simple and easy to follow. Great knowledge and tools
Extremely helpful and straight to the point. Recommended!
Very useful course to improve in entrepreneurship culture
A must for any startup entrepreneur. Highly recommended.
Very useful course with concrete examples and exercises.
Excellent course: clear, motivating and up to the point.
Thoroughly enjoyed this opening Entrepreneurship course.
It is awesome cant wait till the next course is here !!!
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. World class instructors.
a very nice course to get hands on the entrepreneurship
Great Teachers! You can learn concepts from the origin.
Great course with exceptional real world experiences !!
Absolutely Fantastic Program. Professors are the best!!
Very helpful, practical knowledge on entrepreneurshiop
A masterclass for online leanring. I highly recommend.
Great course to understand basics of entrepreneurship
Don't miss the optional interviews, they are awesome!
Tons of great information and good learning process.
Great piece of knowledge, Thanks to all Instructors.
Very interesting course to guide young entrepreneurs
Really loved the first experience of online learning
Very helpful insight into theory of entrepreneurship
Very informative, simple and makes sense right away
Great Professors.  Great Content. Highly Recommend.
Weeks 3 and 4 carry practical and powerful lessons.
Be of ValueBe of  ProfessionBe of the Cutting edge！
Great platform for learning and gathering new ideas
one of the best thing learned during this lockdown
Great course. Interesting and I really enjoyed it.
I learn very useful things about Entrepernuership.
Concise, practical, real life and well structured.
Excellent course , very informative and innovative
I love the practical information from this course
Excellent structured course, highly recommended!
Great Course. Waiting to complete other modules.
fresh and reliable information i loved it! thnks
The course was great! Hope to take the next one
Very useful and very well explained,thank you.
an insightful introduction to entrpreneurship.
Fantastic and the live examples are inspiring
Great approach. to teaching entreprenuership!
the best entrepreneurship course every taken.
Fantastic, Just what you need to get started!
What an achievement has a small Entrepreneur.
Very good faculty.... good practical examples
Very useful an introduction entrepreneurship
Beautifully designed, thanks to the faculty!
Great Course! Super rewarding and valuable.
Great experience and very eloquent Teachers
Loved this course. It was so informational.
great contect. nicely and lucidly presented
Amazing content as well as the instructors.
Lots of great information.  Very practical.
great content and high-quality interviews.
Excellent Modules and Good Learning Ground
So much to learn in just one hour per week
Excellent thoughts and concepts presented.
Thank you all for such an amazing course.
This has well been supported to my works.
Encouraging, inspirational, & motivating.
It's a good course on the developing part
Very insightful course. Total enjoyed it.
VERY HELPFUL AS I AM LAUNCHING A STARTUP.
These courses were extremely insightful.
very good course for a new entrepreneur.
A great introduction of entrepreneurship
very easy to understand, helped me a lot
This is a great course for entrepreneurs
Very useful and applicable. Great module
Very satisfied with Entrepreneurship 1.
It made me wanting to continue learning
Very comprehensive and well structured.
Brilliantly taught and well structured!
the best online course in the world!:)
Excellent. With real applicable tools.
highly informative, highly recommended
Essential materials and good teachers.
Important topic taught by real experts
Very detailed and clear explanations.
Good introduction to Entrepreneurship
Thorough and well delivered. Thanks.
It is really interesting and useful.
Great course that could stand alone.
Well structured introductive course
Much Informative Course it was.....
This was a very interesting course.
Great teachers, cases and lectures.
Its really helpful thank u so much
Very Nice . Examples were too good
Superb Course!! A must take advice
Thanks all , I  have learned a lot
Very good course, amazing content.
Clear, attractive, useful course.
interesting and motivsting course
high quality content and teaching
Great course ! It is very helpful
It's a great, practical course!!!
Very good content and discussion
Highly informative and precise.
good examples. great structure.
Very informative. Must enroll.
amazing course and so helpfull
Great course. The level is top
great material and instructors
Great course! Really helpful!
easy to understand, very nice
Fantastic and deep learning!!
good course extremely helpful
Very useful introduction.....
very helpful and paractically
outstanding effort by wharton
Lots of interesting material!
excellent and clear concepts
very good I love this course
Great course, learned heaps.
lovely and very iformative.
excellent overview. thanks.
Well organized and relevant
really enjoyed this class!
Great information to know!
best, as per my knowledge.
Educational and practical
Excellent in all aspects.
very helpful information.
Brilliant and insightful!
Nice course for beginners
Examples are very helpful
That was pretty helpful.
Great! Keep it up guys.
Great course Thank you
It's a great class!!
Very useful advice.
Amazing knowledge!
Awesome. Thank you
Highly recommend.
really good stuff
Brain storming.
Great, awesome
That was great
Loved it !!!
GREAT!
