I am totally confused by this website , all video can not be played no matter download or online .please help .
This course is very difficult and not for beginners.
feedback is very poor from the quiz especially from the questions with multiple answers
The course was OK. However, the quizzes do not match the wording of the lectures or accompanying material. Worse, many of the questions are the "pick the best answers"  type which if you make even one mistake the whole question is wrong. There is zero feedback on the test results so you have no idea what was wrong. I would have just abandoned this course but it was required for the specialization. Finally got it done. Not a good learning experience and if I want to learn more of this stuff I will pick a better learner centric venue. Tests should be a teaching tool that aid in knowledge acquisition. Not a big, got ya!
I understood well the last 2 modules of the course since they were explained well and in enough detail.  The first 2 modules were very confusing and took much longer to get through each video since I had to keep returning to previous sections. Unfortunately, there were YouTube videos that better explained some of the material.  I expected much more from an online course from Wharton.
The questions on the quiz did not refer back the their respective content areas. Even when I did go back to the respective areas, the concept explanations were scant and did not enable the learner to solve the problems effectively.  I had to end up using investopedia to complete a number of the quizes.
Easily the weakest of the four. Some revision needs to be made on some of the questions regarding its connection with the understanding of the lectures.
need more study material available mentors to assist students with questions. use investopedia. com to answer additional questions
The presentation is too tedious.
The course is fine, but way below my expectations. It explains very well the very basics of financial analysis in a very intuitive manner. However, the last part of the course brings a "management consulting" approach that is basic, incomplete and obsolete + the quiz is too arbitrary (this is aligned with that part of the course itself).  As a module of a healthcare business course, it should bring more real examples of the healthcare industry, mostly in the "consulting" part of the course. Being a Wharton Graduate, I expected much more from from the course.
Not enough examples in many of the accounting concepts covered.  The quizzes were way too hard.  It seems like this course would be more suitable for someone with some prior financial knowledge. A nurse or medical professional, without any prior financial knowledge, could get lost quite easily in this course.
I enrolled to learn about quantitative modelling. Initial week 1 and 2 lectures were good, and relates to quiz. Somehow in my understanding, week 3 and 4 was dragging for me. I have no strong accounting  background, may be that could be the thing.
it was a good experience , there is a lot of good information but i would suggest to start with more simple and absorbable ways and information especially to people who never had finiance before . thank you all
Lectures and slides were great. Quiz questions were poorly worded (vague) and used terms not raised in the course content making them more challenging then they should have been to complete.
Should consider having a tutor or have users apply to be peer tutor to better facilitates the learning process and forum.
Overall great course. I just wish there was a more practical approach and exercises in the last module.
Lectures fun to listen, but the questions were hard without feedback for why I got the answer wrong.
I think this course should be more dynamic so it becomes more understandable.
Some topics are very repetitive.
Not interactive enough
The content of Weeks 2 and 3 was fairly difficult by comparison, and the slides were not quite enough detail to be a good reference to prepare for the quiz. I found myself trying to google terms, since there is no "textbook". Overall however, a very valuable course!
Level of Difficulty is good. Challenging at times to executives in firms who don't have much exposure to financial aspects of the firm. But grit will help you go through the course and complete it.
Would be helpful if more case examples were provided from the health industry, such as health service organizations, pharmaceutical companies, or private health insurance companies.
Great way to learn , some topics are really hard to understand if you dont read some Financial Terms
The module was very informative but lacked examples about the Healthcare industry.
This course is very practical and will help me bridge the gap that sometimes exists between different areas of the business and Finance. Its contents are very useful and easy to apply in my business. Having videos, quizzes and powerpoint presentations makes the process more enjoyable. The reason I did not give 5 stars is that it became quite cumbersome to go back to redo the quizzes (all correct answers should be saved) and because I would have expected some Further Reading suggestions at the end of the course. But, I will certainly recommend this course to non-financial friends and colleges.
Great overview. Quite a few instances of jargon or specific terminology without explanation.  Many times had to investigate on my own.  Not a bad thing, except wen is unexpectedly encountered on a quiz without explanation (e.g. aggressive accounting techniques.)
I thought the course was great! The only thing I disliked was that sometimes I felt that the quiz questions didn't always match up exactly with the subjects and/or examples covered. Gets you to think though, so not necessarily a bad thing.
It's a basic course for the beginners. I expected more lectures on financial statement analysis that's why I deducted one star form the mark. The good point is that material probed on real financial statement data.
The course was very helpful in making me understand the topics. Even at many places when things were not clear I contacted my teachers. Overall I would thank the professors for putting up such a brilliant course.
It is a good course and was helpful. The multiple choice questions were tough because it felt like there wasn't enough information toanswer them effectively.
Wish week 4 was one long example so that we could go into more detail into making the business model. Overall learned a lot and enjoyed the course.
The course is really good and I recommended it to my colleagues. It doesn't get 5 stars from me because of the test for week 3 which seems weird.
A bit too theoritical in my view -- might be useful for large corporations, but felt a bit lacking in more practical terms. Good value anyways
Appreciate the works that Professors Rick Lambert and Chris Ittner have done.One suggestion is to add more samples to explain the concepts.
The course is nicely planned and informative. It is contemporary and relatable for managers. Easy to comprehend and understand.
Very interesting information was presented, though i consider that additional practice could help participants a lot.
Everything is good, however it lacks explaining the quiz answers + quiz 3 was disaster.
Good course, but module 4 should be more comprehensive, math driven, real life example.
A very good course.  Would have rated it higher if there were more Healthcare content.
Amazing Course ....I had a really fun time learning this course...thank u so much!!!!
It's a good course. But didn't cover financial accounting that much
The Last Week was really good, you guys should learn it!!!
Quizoncashflowswasabsurdlyhard.wtfisupwiththistext
would have liked to see more real world examples.
overall good overview if financial accounting
It was great. I had little issues in understanding little bit as i am medical background, it would be great if it had some medical examples.
I do not have a background of Finance and Accounting. This course is really for me to learn the basics and apply it in my practice
This course provides rather intense learning materials and competitive quizzes, urging me to do more research outside of the classes. The course content is informative and a little bit challenging, bur learning it is definitely a rewarding experience. The skills on accounting and building financial models offer me a new perspective and many insights on evaluating the financial performance of companies and strategies they use. Thank you for preparing such a great course.
The classes were amazing and the quizzes helpful and challenging. I am a medical student in one of the top universities in my country, unfortunately our healthcare managing discipline does not even scrape the most fundamental aspect of managing, which is accounting. Most of the medical students in my country do not have the slightest idea of the economic dynamic behind healthcare, that's why I am recommending this course for all my colleagues. I hope that this knowledge will change our culture, that in most instances only result in the tragedy of commons.
I began this course with very limited knowledge about the role of finance in decision making and ended it with a great overview of its different aspects. Professors Richard Lambert and Christopher Ittner explain the concepts elegantly and at the right pace. The content and teaching were engaging and easy to follow. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wants to gain good knowledge on using financial data to identify key drivers and take the right decision.
Everything i was looking for from this course and more.Both professors had good lecturing styles and kept the content interesting.The pace of content was considerate of the likely target audience.I wish some of the quizzes didn't have so many "check all that apply" questions.Overall, the best course in the Finance and Quantitative Modeling for Analysts Specialization
The second half of the course really honed in on specific survey questions...I ask you, will this survey question provide you the feedback you are looking for???  :) I had hand-on training for Bench marking within a Health Care organization and now in a Public Utility.  I took a lot away from the course and I'm eager to contribute towards growth and development.
I will be reviewed the final module's videos - very insightful information. I will also be reviewing the Indirect Method - Cash flow statement - complicated, but I can see how it brings all financial statements together and tells the story of what's happening in the business inclusive of the balance sheet and income statement.
Actually , I didn't think this course would be useful in such extent for me. The different perspectives I learnt from the professors are amazing, I will use this strategical informations in my future career to come up with  new solutions to problems that ı will face. Thank you for everything!!!
A great and well done basic course to understand the fundamentals of accountability and finance, I've learnt a lot about American financial statement system, which is quite different from the one we have in Europe, and in Italy specifically. I'm very gratified to have attended this course.
Excellent course.  Instructors explain things very clearly.  Course is not too long or short for the amount of information covered.  Appropriate level of detail.  Good use of real world examples.  Instructors are experts in the field.  PowerPoint slides are clear - not too cluttered.
II found it to be a great course for business analysis, from the managerial as well as the analysts' points of view. It also lays the foundations of predictive analytics, something which can be delved into in greater detail by those interested, through other courses.
Great way of quickly learning accounting, financial analysis based on balance sheet, income statement and cash flow, analysis of risk of firm through DuPont analysis, and how to plan/predict changes in non-financial factors to improve profit.
This was a bit tougher than I anticipated. The lectures were brilliant. I really loved how clear and precise the thoughts put forward by the professors were. This course is of immense value to Managers at all levels. Thank you Wharton.
The course is amazing even commerce students can learn many things from this course. I must say I appreciate the hard work being put in by the professors. It gives a clear way on how to relate financial and non financial metrics.
This course is really helpful when understanding the operational side of a company, as well as how to link the non-financial factors with the final financial performance when developing a strategy or jusitfying an investment.
This was a really insightful and enjoyable course. The Professors were the best I could ask for to teach the subjects in this course - they made everything clear and to the point. I would highly recommend this course!
Good in-depth look at the financial framework that we will need to be familiar with. I'm glad the math was not spared in this course. Tying the nonfinancial aspects to financial aspects was a well done lecture.
The course has an incredible quality and consistency with respect to the concepts presented, as well as the functionality of the examples to clarify the concepts and facilitate the understanding of the topics
As a private practice surgeon I'd recommend this course to every practitioner starting practice. Medical training gave me zero insight into the basics of running my business. The mist is slowly clearing!
This Course was very helpful and providing an excellent knowledge about Financial Results with proper integration with non-financial performance. I really enjoyed the course !
Some topics get confusing as is natural with complex financial data sets and statements, but just re-watch the videos and download the PDFs for review!
It was an excellent course with outstanding teachers. It gave completely a different and dynamic perspective to the way we think.
Excellent course. Well taught, material explained in articulate and easy to understand manner. Engaging. Very suggested to all.
The quizzes are difficult even for executive level professionals but is a very good gauge of the lessons in the course
Really an insightful course, helped me get to the intricacies of finance and accounting methods as well as the jargons
Great course and great teachers.Both professors explain very well and in a very pleasant and easy manner.Thank you
It helped me a lot. I could finally understand how to use basic financial skills to a more practical scenario
The course was well developed for people with no basics in finance to help improve their management skills
Excellent finance course. Classes are well organized and explained. The strongest point was the examples.
Great course.  I will immediately be able to apply what I have learned in healthcare job!  Great course!
Really good course but could improve in the slide organization a bit. Apart from that I really liked it
I am very please to complete the course. I think it will be helpful for my professional growth. Thanks
Excellent course with excellent professors. Thanks a lot for this precious knowledge!
Challenging and insightful programme. Very Tricky options to select. Thank you!
Great course! Recommend to everyone who does not have a financial background!
Great course with great lecturer, i recommend it for every non financial.
Excelente, as a tool for health professionals starting on managing issues
Great introduction to financial reporting and business analytics
Solid content that is extremely relevant in today's workplace.
Excellent overview of important concepts, well done!
Amazing explanation for beginners.. really helpful
Great course.  I am glad I did this course.
Quite well done.  Concentrated information.
Good for non-financial professionals
This course was very helpful !
The course is well-equipped
Comprehensive and Engaging
excellent, a noble work!
It was a pleasure
Is very usefull
