Coursera is a global platform, however this course is extremely narrow-minded and US-focused.Its not just about the content speaking about markets, regulations in the US and different states without even questioning if that is of interest to the global audience or providing any warning on the course page that it is a US-focused course. It is also about the sort of language the speakers choose - for example, on multiple occasions they divide the market into "US" and "International". This sort of language implies the speakers believe the US is a center of the world and local startups or companies in other countries are just falling under catch-all 'international'. Very insensitive and not recommended.
The instructor Christopher Geczy's eyes are constantly looking at the scripts below the camera, he is literally reading scripts, rather than giving a lecture. The content is mostly showing data and statistics, rather than explaining how things work. The other instructor is alright.
very basic. No focussed knowledge on regulations
The first two weeks are a kind of Wikipedia.The last two weeks are kind of reading the PPPPPPPPTTTTs.
First part of the course by the gentlemen was just reading numbers and stats which was not at all engaging.
Too much focus on the regulatory dimension for a foundational introduction to FinTech.
I found the course interesting, but given from a strong US perspective in general. Which is sometimes interesting, sometimes funny and sometimes annoying being a Dutch and an European citizen. I cannot say its not objective or scientific, but the cultural background gives me a feeling of bias. I don't know if its inevitable, for Wharton being an American University, but a more international integral approach (which is something different than adding 'international' chapters) would work better for me. Whether it would make the course better I can't say.
Maybe a bit too theoretical at times. The tests at the end of the lecture could be more focused on conceptual understanding and applications rather than the current quizzes focusing a lot on details but not on the big picture.
Provides a good intro to the FinTech space in general, but as a Millennial with a bit of advanced knowledge in cryptocurrencies and underlying cryptographic technologies, I would like to criticize the representation of Bitcoin (it is not a "Company") and the presented issues in regards to the usage of crypto currencies for financing of criminal activities which in my opinion is by no means a bigger regulatory issue than the usage of cash / legal tender, like the US Dollar.
A good high level overview. But too broad and not specific enough to have any use for anybody working in the FinTech industry. Too US focused. And many slides lacked labels, had errors etc.
The course is informational. Natasha Sarin is a great presenter, but for some reason she mentions Elizabeth Warren no less than five time during her presentations. There are some typos on the slides, that make me feel like not much attention has been put into the details of the course design.
The Course offers good insights, though It also throws a lot of data to you.I would urge the curators of the course to focus more on learning the basics and little on cramming up data. For example, most of the quizzes test your ability to remember data points rather than the concept itself.
the course is overall knowledge on fintech for beginner. It should be more case study analysis and more visualization in the slide. I felt that the lecturer reads the slide without emotion. I think that wharton school should be better.
This course was really interesting and helpful in many ways. Now I have better knowledge about what Fin Tech is and what happens in Fin Tech. The course was really good overall. I really enjoyed it.
Interesting. Overly simple: spends too much time on obvious points. Speaks a lot about the financial industry and less about FinTech. I was expecting more Quant.
the payments modules and regulations modules were very helpful however the module 2 was very survey heavy and not sure will be very practically relevant
The course just about skims the surface of the FinTech industry. What is disappointing is that the 'Technology' aspect of FinTech is not covered here.
Decent overview, but could go farther into specific priority areas in fintech (virtual assets, adoption in emerging markets, remittances)
Good content, but the course could go into a little more detail. 4 weeks is far too long an estimate for this material.
The course part in first 2 weeks was very boring but the course part in second 2 weeks was quite interesting.
week one and week 2 quizzes where a bit unrealistic. Usually no one remember's exact statistics
Too heavy on graphs and statistics and no real information for the first two weeks
Significant number of typos and smelling mistakes in the lesson slides.
Well designed but too basic.
Maybe extremelly US focused
Was really hoping more
My first online course, I was surprised by the relatively low level of complexity. But perhaps this notion has more to do with me as a learner than the course itself. As someone with a small exposure to this discourse and economic thought in general, I believe the time I spent here to have been well worth the effort. I learned a general lexicon, broadly accepted definitions, and principle dynamisms of contemporary activity. Though certain nuances went unfollowed, the course was prepared with palpable care, sincerity, and thought.
Provides a good understanding of the history of how fintech came to be, its relationship with regulations and the psychological state of customers, particularly millennials. However, I frequently encountered economic-specific terms that beginners may not be able to comprehend. Perhaps a basic understanding of economics terms, in particular in the area of investments, would be best before proceeding to this course.
Basic, but very informative course. The modules provide a good introduction to FinTech learning. One critique: The first two modules focused too much on Robo-Advising. This is just a small area of FinTech, and the way it is presented makes it seem like "the dominant" FinTech application.
The course gives a basic information of Fintech and all the aspects connecting to the Fintech world. I would have expected some real case example as well as some more update information and numbers. Generally i think is a good course for a quick start into the Fintech world.
Good overview of Fintech. Was more focused on Asset Management on the first part and discussion on payments and regulation are in depth. Data is updated and useful. Quizzes for each week could have been more comprehensive to encourage collaboration/discussion. Thanks!
The first two weeks of the course taught by Prof Geczy focused too much on figures (which are not outdated) rather than concepts. Other than that the course is well structured and informative for someone wanting to get introduced to the FinTech world.
VERY INFORMATIVE, NOT TOO MUCH INTERESTED IN US REGULATIONS THOUGH.  AS AN INVESTMENT ADVISER BASED OUT OF INDIA  AND MANAGING MY OWN BUSINESS, THIS COURSE HAS HELPED ME THINK AS TO HOW I SHOULD MAKE MY BUSINESS MORE ROBUST BY ADOPTING USE OF FINTECH.
The lectures are good . However, the course material is not structured . I guess that has to do with the nature of the subject, as this is still an upcoming topic . The issues of fintech and regtech are also present in the courses for fintech !!!!
Thanks a lot for this course. The parts of digital payments was particularly interesting. The course is largely taught in the context of US which is not ideal for international learners. The course and exercises can be expanded.
The course was very good with many information about payments and regulations. The only problem was that it was very theoriticall and some questions in the tests were concentrated on irrelevant and very specific details.
Great introduction. However, the course is heavily skewed towards Regulations. The Tests are too simple and I would call this course more of a presentation of an article in a good business journal, rather than a course.
Nice introduction course and pleasantly presented. It would be nice to receive a syllabus as well with the slides. Some typos in first modules slides. Also more moderated discussion in for a
Very interesting class. I would have loved to have more interactions with other students (totally missing) and the class is very US focused, there is barely anything on Emerging markets.
I really enjoyed all the videos. As an approach to Fintech, I really would appreciated if you could provide some additional supporting material (such as online articles or books).
This course provided a good overview of the Fintech scene especially in the United States in comparison with other countries involded in Financial Technology
First two weeks were great! I am curious why the lady on the videos for the the last 2 weeks felt the need to mention Elizabeth Warren so many times...
Very good the part related with Regulation and Fintech. The initial week gave the context but was probably superficial, for a learning standpoint
First 2 weeks were quite data heavy - can be curbed on that point. Rest all is OK for a beginner to get an overview of fin-tech.
Very informative and interesting course. Good information on the modern payment methods and two-sided markets.
Great course, with some Global content but mainly focused in the US market. But interesting nonetheless.
very informative course , but need addition because it's 2020, fintech has emerged a lot by this time
I found the bit on regulation too long and dull. Maybe split it up in two to make it more pallatable?
The information should be more extensive and the sentences should be simpler and easy to understand.
First two weeks were very slow paced and less interesting and engaging compared to the latter half.
The lectures were very high level and too much content in each video, that too at a very fast pace.
Give a good high-level understanding of fintech trend in commercial and regulatory perspective.
Relatively straight forward without little surprise. I enjoyed the course notes greatly.
It is overall view, well organized course. Less updated material, esp on cryptocurrency.
A good course for a beginner. Lucidly explained by the faculty and well paced course.
Teachers are great- more examples needed to spice up the material would be great.
Nice and easy course give the audience a panoramic view of fintech movement
Good comprehensive content but too US-centric especially on credit cards
I wish their was more information regarding blockchain, a deeper dive.
It was a very good course to boost my knowledge in Fintech industry.
I really liked the first module, I look forward for the next modules
More practical data to create a fintech startup from the beginning
The course is good, but a big part of it is US-oriented.
Great insights on Fintech and innovation in Fintech.
Very interesting, but from time to time too basic.
Excellent insights offered by both the Professors.
excellent lecturing and perfect time management
Good course to start fintech understanding!!
Really good introduction and overview
A bit to vague, but very interesting!
A good course to get a headstart!
Not too much of Fintech examples
Short but sweet.
I'll start by sayign that I took this course after 2 years away from a desk due to a stroke and my goal was to refresh and to see what I can and cannot still do. It achieved those objectives. Will it help me return to my career? I don't know yet but it's given me mroe confidence that the skills I've retained are still relevant. Some of the material wasn't new to me but I've been in the finance industry for so long, way too long but there was some great content that made me re-evaluate my position.I'm a product designer in alternative financial products and I'd never given much thought to the millenial perspective, until now. Understanding the shift in focus is critical for the future. If you take a short course and come away having learnt something new that you can apply, then the course is a success. It did so for me.
Thanks to this course, providing the logic, systematic and data-convincing scopes to let novice know the fundamental knowledge of FinTech, I learnt a lot. Moreover, the methodology to analyze comprehensively and rationally is potentially passed to the learners, which is really helpful.
Well paced, good coverage of emerging and existing technologies and regulatory frameworks, and discussion on emerging issues that provide opportunities for innovation and regulation
This is a solid introductory of FinTech knowledge. I'm glad that I learned from the Masters on the trend, foundations, backing up by market-driven statistics that succesfully acco
Very useful dive into what fintech is and is not, the potential benefits globally, the potential risks, and the challenges of regulation within countries and between countires
clear and concise teachings lead to a quick understanding of the material presented. video length was great; never too long. visuals were easy to understand and interpret.
My first course in Coursera and it did not disappoint! I recommend this FinTech course to anybody seek a quick yet detailed introduction to the world of FinTech! Thank you
Great Introductory courses. I was able to build concepts around FinTech & new Payment systems & regulatory needs. Thank you professors !!!!
Concise and informative overview of payment systems and regulatory perspectives on Financial Technology. Very introductory approach - no prior knowledge is required, nor is active research during the coursework. Poised several perspectives and detailed systems/structures that I had both never understood before, as well as detailing systems I had never been familiar with. Absolutely wonderful lessons!It stands to mention that at a point in this course - in the fourth week, there is a reference to "Bitcoin" as a company. The instructor clearly understands Bitcoin is an asset, but a given example/case study displays "Bitcoin" as a company experiencing problems with using decentralized/anonymous assets to purchase illegal goods. This was presented in an embarrassingly biased format, completely ignoring any possible discussion of further regulation in decentralized asset classes/cryptocurrencies or any comparisons to FIAT.
This was my first Coursera course and I enjoyed learning and
understanding some of the fintech trends, and how this topic is important now
and will continue to be in the future. I graduated one year and a half ago with
a BBA in finance and didn’t get the chance to take a Fintech intro class. I am
glad I was able to take this course while in quarantine due to coronavirus to
add knowledge and learn about a hot topic. The course was helpful to understand
the important role of millennials in the sector of Fintech and how fintech
companies should pay attention to these demographic groups now and in the future.
Also, the course gives a good explanation of the big picture of regulation and
its challenges within fintech. In addition, the professors were clear and concise
with their way of explaining each topic. I would recommend this course for anyone who is
interested in learning the introduction to Fintech and its trends.
This course exposes the history of Fintech whilst unraveling the foundation of Payments. It is insightful with many analogies and Fintech terminologies to learn. As an in-house counsel in the financial services sector, I have become acquainted with a number of algorithms and technical terms used in Fintech. The regulation of Fintech has been a concern for me. The analogies and examples of various attempts to regulate Fintechs as well as the comparative analysis offered in this course have enabled me comprehensively to analyze risks inherent in partnerships between structured organizations and emerging Fintechs, especially in Africa. This course has propelled me to hatch innovative ways of how Fintechs in Africa can be regulated.
The Wharton "FinTech: Foundations, Payments, and Regulations." course is well designed and provides you with the required knowledge to confidently go forward and further explore this subject area. Although I have a keen prior interest in this area, I was pleasantly surprised to read statistics and studies that I would never have otherwise thought of exploring! The lecturers come across with great passion in the videos and take the time to connect the dots and make areas such as regulations exciting. I particularly enjoyed the areas on payment systems and regulations, although the whole course provided me with a fresh perspective on the entire subject matter.
Fintech by Wharton, University of Pennsylvania is an excellent course. It gives you good foundation of what Fintech is, the emerging technologies, the regulatory bodies, the risk associated and compliance to mitigate the risk. It also provides good insight into how different countries in the world are regulating the technology. The course is organised and structured  very well. The course provided a deep insight into the development of FinTech, the role of Millennial and the future it might lead to. I highly encourage everyone to attend this course as it will develop new understanding and skills required in this fast changing world.
Through this course,i learned the key components of modern-day investment strategies which utilize or rather leverage FinTech to benefit end user and thus connecting a wider set of people. Last but not the least, i got a better prospective of importance of regulation in Fin tech space for check and balances. It was indeed a pleasure to go though this richful content.Really grateful to Prof Natasha and Prof Christopher Geczy for explaining in very simple terms.Regards,Sasmit
A great capsule of information about 'fintech'. As a well-informed and active participant in the FinTech sector, I found the content and perspective regarding payments and regulation to be particularly concise and relevant. A supplemental - and complementary - theme to consider incorporating into the regulatory slides might be the potential limitations( (regarding accountability, governance and continuity) of private versus public companies (and investors)...
Brilliant course for anyone looking to get a basic understanding of what FinTech is (you might be surprised!), its potential for growth, the challenges it faces and also importantly, the challenges faced by regulators in ensuring consumer safety whilst allowing safe and rapid innovation. The course content is very well rounded, and the professors explain everything well, often with very helpful examples. Loved it!
Good Day
I sincerely and humbly thank you for this opportunity .Thanks and Warm Regards.ABHIJIT SENGUPTAPortfolio URL :https://about.me/abhijitsengupta
Website : www.pactolianconsulting.comE - Mail : abhijit@pactolianconsulting.comKolkata , IndiaSkype : abhijit.sengupta357
Ph. : + 91 33 25907110
Cell : + 91 9163863607
Whatsapp : + 91 8017648297
                     + 91 6290750012
The best part about this course wa sit was market oriented. Real time examples, a step by step featured chronology to understand what Fin Tech is all about. Apart from that the analogies drawn were simply fantastic during the course. No where during the entire course you feel that you missed out something as there is always connection interwind. Highly recommended.
Great explanation to how FinTech will affect the traditional financial industry in the coming years. Having not heard of RegTech before, and lacked knowledge of regulatory responses in the card markets, I can definitely say that I have gained a much more well rounded understanding of FinTech, its history, its challenges, and its future.
It was a wonderful introduction to Fintech in all its  aspects-innovative, regulatory, and all-expansive. The lectures gave a glimpse of how fintechs can be disruptive if the traditional financial behemoths don't improve and innovate, as also the enormous benefits to enjoy from the efficient deployment of their wonderful products.
I personally love this course so much because it provided a lot of new ideas, concepts, and insights on the different innovations and issues in FinTech. If you are interested in finance or FinTech and you are new to the industry or don't have much background on it yet, then this course is an absolute must take for you.
Course explains & details about the concept "FinTech" which is also inclusive of legal and other areas that has been brought into, ever since the implementation.One gets a clear idea and draws & paints a great value from some practical examples and real-life areas of direct & indirect fields affected by it.
It was a great course for me who especially had no background of fintech.The course was very useful from understanding very basic introduction & definition to think more broaden topics.I'm going to explore more advanced courses coming from this basic fintech course.Thank you professors!
I really enjoyed the course strucutre but felt like it's similar to  FinTech Law and Policy  from Duke University. Still a great course to get into financial service sector specially in evolution of payment industry and how different regulation works in different countries.
Amazing Course. Many thanks to Prof. Natasha Sarin & Prof. Christopher for the wonderful structured lectures. Basics of FinTech explained beautifully. Beginner can easily understand the basics of FinTech and its associated concepts. Loved the course :) 5 Stars !!
The course is amazing, there is a great amount of excellent content, I live in Mexico and there is this new law about fintech which limited many startups and emerging business, this course gave my a new panorama about what fintech is and what is about to be.
The best course on FinTech landscape, great coverage on Fintech Sandbox and the faculty knowledge is so credible through their delivery depth. I do strongly recommend this course to all high-aspirants want to get into FinTech streams. Thank you very much.
The Wharton School is an outstanding business school and has made a great decision in making Fin-Tech a specialization to study and explore. The course goes into depth and great detail. The quiz is up to the mark and challenge, as per the lectures.
This is the beginning of many more learning opportunities for me to excel in FinTech. It's my dream and my passion to be part of the FinTech fraternity. I love this sector and I want to do something in the FinTech space back home in Pakistan.
It gave a broader view of past, present and future of the finance space not only in the US but in globally, and the considerations innovators and regulators should be looked at when creating new fintech products and regulations.
As an introduction to fintech this course was perfect. It was easy to follow and not too long. Perhaps I would have wanted a bit more depth but maybe that stuff will be covered in the next 3 courses of this specialization.
This is an great course to allow one to develop the foundations of understanding of FIntech in the market today.The course is primarily concerned with USA matters but ideas and issues are very well communicated.
This course was presented in a very clear and concise manner. Every word was purposeful, the material and examples were interesting. I have learned a lot and will be able to apply this knowledge immediately.
Nice introductory course to FinTech. However, I do not recommend the course for learners without prior knowledge on financial instruments as the course may become technical from time-to-time.
It is a great elementary course for fintech workers, which states majorly about the economic history of foundation of fintech, which can easily be undermined by young fintech workers.
I am a engineering student, and I need to learn some about blockchain. Fortunately, I participated in this class. I leaned some basic definitions about FinTech. They are very useful.
The way the class was structured, the concepts/examples were explained, were clear and straight to the point for someone who is new to this field of knowledge. Thank you very much.
Exceptional.  Nice pace and easy to understand.  The tonality and delivery style of the presenters made the information much easier to digest, and it was not too technical.
One of the best introductory course to understand the Fintech Industry, its opportunities and barriers from the perspective of an entrepreneur, consumer and regulator.
It is a great course to start learning basics on the topic. Worth investing your effort in it. Easy to achieve with little daily discipline of 1.30hrs time invested.
The course content is very precise and up to the point to explain the content well. Good narration of the content with proper usage of the visual slides and graphs.
Excellent
overview, a straight forward approach. I wish there had been a bit more
about cryptocurrency & blockchain transactions and related regulatory potential.
It was a great course. and a big thanks to professor Christopher Geczy and professor Natasha Sarin, for giving a handful knowledge about payments and regulations
I love the curriculum, it provided the foundation to know how financial services started, currently operates and how it's relevance to FIntech and innovation.
It was an enriching experience for me. All the content of the course is explained and covered well . Looking forward to be a part of more courses like this.
This course is very usefull for people who want to approach to Fintech for first time. The information is quite precisealy and the lectures quite complete.
Right course for understanding the basics of Fintech, Current Trends in Fintech and the challenges faced in regulating an ever changing fintech landscape!!
Very informative course for those keen to learn about drivers, developments and trajectory of FINTECH revolution and the impact it is having on society!!
Informative, and definitely expanded my vision as to how much is taking place right now within FinTech.  The topics of discussion are virtually endless.
Very detail information, and excellent configuration of the course, very satisfied of being able to follow the videos with the ppt for  adding notes.
great course, specially with the up to date data provided, very valuable and useful to know about the fintech environment in the US and globally.
A good over view of the current FinTech environment. I was pleasantly surprised at the well-rounded perspective on the current state of FinTech.
I enjoyed the course and learned new topics about FinTech, If anyone is interested in explore about this, this course is a great way to start.
The course is really great and learned many things which helps me to gain knowledge. Thank you for providing valuable course and contents.
Interesting and very informative for FinTech Learners. It provides a basic overview of Financial Technology and current market conditions.
A really useful course for people who operate within the FinTech domain, as well as for everyone else who uses its services and products.
I have got an idea over payment systems, Fintech, regulatory issues from that course. Natasha Sarin's lecture was something I liked most.
Love how clear the professors explain things. The materials are rather basic but very encouraging for us to find out more about FinTech.
It was a very nice journey to get foundations and getting know more about payments and Regulations, I cannot wait for the next module.
Excellent course instructors.  FinTech  CoE Excellent!Very relevant and practical examples provided relating to the course materials.
It's a great course to understand the Fintech ecosystem, great insights into robo-advisors, payment technologies, and regulations.
This course gave me a thorough understanding on the basics of FinTech and some very insightful statistics. Thank you professors!
This course is highly informative, explains global trends and adaptable practices that will improve the financial service space.
A concise overview of issues and vocabulary; well suited for professionals looking for an introduction and a bit of background.
Very interesting, not shallow or broad, the perfect level of information. Found it very useful and informative. Thanks a lot.
The course was keen and sharp, The instructors have given valuable insight for adaptive and recent issue regarding fintech
Love that I could complete this at my own pace! The course contained all the relevant emerging topics surrounding FinTech!
Really interesting and current topics were adressed, giving an insight over the situation in the US and globally.
The course is highly educative. I have a greater understanding of what FinTech is and the regulations behind it.
Very informative and the instructors are truly experts of their field. Thank you COURSERA and to my professors!
I thought I understood everything about fintech until I saw this course. Excellent teachers. Thanks, Coursera.
A beginner friendly course perfect for individuals who want to grasp the foundations of the Fintech industry.
Very informative primer on FinTech innovations in the context of the financial services industry as a whole.
Very interesting course. It exceeded my expectations being it a basic level one. I am pleasantly surprised.
Excellent course. However, It does not offer suggestions about additional readings (books, papers, etc.)
Very informative subject, worth to learn dan study to knowing on FinTech concept and globally practice
Excellent introductory course with a good amount of examples to explain the points the lecturers made.
This was the first time I have used this platform for educational purposes. I am extremely impressed.
This course is very informative on different financial technologies and governing global regulations.
Good introductory class to FinTech and regulation.  Modules were well structured and easy to follow.
An excellent introduction in Fintech by focusing on trends, technologies, payments and regulations
Great course to get an introduction about FinTech Industry and the challenges that emerge with it.
This course is extremely simple to follow and a great introduction to FinTech for novice learners.
Great course and instructors were clear and easy to understand; appear to be very knowledgeable.
best course! Really good details and examples to help us understand the foundations of FinTech!
Excellent course to understand de foundations of fintech, specially in the regulation's area.
Very informative course.  I look forward to the other courses in the FinTech specialization!
Very informative especially on the regulation piece which is very timely for many sectors.
Awesome course that summarized the FinTech space pretty well. Learned so many new things.
A lot of latest developments about the payments and regulations in the financial industry
Sound foundation in defining FinTech and the sphere in which FinTech companies traverse.
This was a great class. It provided needed foundation and the professors built on that.
Fantastic overview about Payments & Regulations in major markets, eloquently delivered.
This was exactly the course I was looking for to get an overview of the FinTech sector.
great course, but had more details on regulation rather than technology and innovation.
the course is very informative and makes a great deal about the whole idea of finTech
i loved the course so much especially the way Natasha Sarin talked about regulations.
A good introductory course for beginners who want to pursue their career in fintech.
The quality of the course was excellent. Both of the faculty members were very good.
Thanks to the course who brings me a lot of knowledge of this new sector of finance
Very good courses explaining the foundations, payment, and regulations of FinTech.
A highly complex discussion articulated in a very simple and understandable way!!
this is an awesome course. i learned a lot about fintech. how it works globally.
Outstanding instructors. Clear and concise learning materials. 100% recommended.
Great and knowledgeable instructors.  Excellent examples and visual materials.
An exciting course on the very basics of Fintech.Best Suitable for beginners.
Will highly recommend to people looking forward to making a career in FinTech
Well organized, fast, compact, clear course of a complex
subject. Thank you
Great opportunity to learn something from home during the COVID-19 lockdown
A very good overview of FinTech, foundations, payments and regulations.
This is a great course to get a high level view of the world of Fintech
Very fine way to learn about FinTech and regulations in the industry.
A very good course to provide an overview and foundation of Fintech
The course gives an overall approach to topics relating to FinTech.
Excelent course. Very helpfull. Good and updated examples. Thanks!
Very good broad overview of the industry and emerging challenges.
A great introduction to Financial Technology!! I learned a lot!!
Very well structured and really well explained in a nutshell!
Great course for all stage of fintech industry stake holders.
The content was good and very specific to the subject matter.
Great introduction to regulatory issues related to fintech.
Awesome foundation course to start your Fintech journey...
Very Insightful and improved my understanding of FinTech.
Was a great learning experience from the two professors.
Amazing lecturers, I have learnt a lot with this session
great course, wonderful instructor. thank you so much
Well explained with clear examples across geographies
Fantastic course and really informative - thank you
Loved the flow, and it was very easy to understand.
Great Practical oriented course. Thought provoking
Delivers what its title says and delivers it well.
Clear explanations. Useful information. Thank you!
Thanks and Regards,Sachin Shekhar R AppBootup.com
Best Course to start understanding FINTECH world.
Great course by outstanding teachers. Keep it up.
Great course highly recommended.Thanks Coursera
Interesting and thought provoking lectures.
Great content and evaluation of the topics
Very useful basics on Fintech & Regulation
Good introduction, onto the next course.
Excellent option to learn about Fintech
Extremely cogent and succinct lectures.
Great course with amazing explanations.
Nice introductory session about Fintech
Amazing course! Thank you for sharing.
This was great.  Really, thanks a lot.
Excellent material and Great teaching
Good Course for FinTech Introduction
The course is beautifully explained
Easy to understand notes and videos
Very good foundation Knowledge!!!!!
Extremely informative and relevant
Open minding lessons about fintech
Good and very knowledgable content
Thank you I loved this course!!!!!
Informative, well-designed course
Learn so much with this program.
A great learning for the Fintech
A broad view of FinTech basics!
Interesting and easy to follow.
Very good course. Thank you :)
Really good and easy to learn
very effective. learnt a lot.
Really great course, thanks.
so informative yet concise!
Great. New insights for me
challenging but good class
What An Amazing ! Course
A valued course. Thanks
Good, and clear course.
A fantastic course.
Well organised.
very practical
LOVE IT!!
