Enjoy your $95 pay-wall at the end (*before* the end, I mean) of the section 1 quiz. The material so far was hardly insightful, and they want learners to pay for $95 of value they can't even see after only getting through mayyyybe $3 worth of value. The first two sections re-hash the same points over and over "What is gamification? What is gamification not? for 30+ minutes and then section 2: "What is gamification? What is gamification not?" The course was, from the looks of it, filmed in 2008 and not update one bit since then, and therefore has a ton of outdated information, statistics, etc. They're always talking about things being "new and emerging" when, by now, they're from a prior decade. Gag me with a spoon. Why would I or anyone else pay $95 just to see the rest of this course when the first section or two of it is utterly incompetent except for referencing a few factoids about the concept of a game from ancient philosophers which anyone could Google to grasp the same concept of. Definitely insulted that this course is asking twice the price of game design courses and music production courses I've taken on Coursera for not even a third of the quality of content. I'd pay $25 tops for this course if the rest of it is anything like the pre-paywall portion of it. And that's the problem: how could I know? I can't see beyond the first quiz. I'll just have to assume it's all trash and move in and lament the time I wasted being led to a surprise pay-wall. Coursera, this has severely tarnished my impression of your platform. Do not let this course continue to exist in the ways I've described here any longer.
Very little that you can actually bring to the proces of using gamification in your studies or work. Each video is trying to sell you either the professors own book, or the course. The tests too are very low-skilled. The worst course i have ever taken on coursera. I dont want to pay for it, even i have completed the entire course and all the test questions. It's a waste of bot time and money.
This was the most awful course I have ever taken. I don't know why he didn't "GAMIFY" a gamification class to show what a gamified class actually looks like. The class was more of a boring business model course with a lot of plugs to his and friend's products. I gained nothing of value. Total waste of time and money. Not to mention it is completely outdated. Don't waste your time or money.
Could not go beyond the 3rd lecture. I have been taking some courses on Coursera lately, so I have some references, and this one is somewhat problematic.After about 30 min. I felt it is not going anywhere. If that 30 min. was suppose to be an introduction -it is a bit long.
to much theoric, i was expecting for something more technical. With more examples, infographic, maybe tools and design schemas showing how how to implement gamification, I saw another gamification courses that was much better than this.
Assignments have been thought as open questions in a multiple choice formats.
Lost interest halfway trough the Week One. This course is a bit too long and it doesn't get to the point right away. I mean, I came here because I wanted to learn the basis and actually apply it to my life. I am not interested in listening to all the history about gamfication... it's not like I will ever need that in my life, and it won't help me at applying this to my life.Tried skimming trough the rest of the course but I have found more of the same.Honestly, it was fun at the begging but than you went overboard with all the unnecessary talks about the stuff that's useless. So, for anyone reading this, if you are look for in depth description of Gamfication, this course is for you. On the other hand, if you are interested in only the basics, save yourself some time and just googl "Gamification", you will find many useful articles which might help you to get started.
1) Transcripts are not accurate and do not meet ADA standards.  There are LOTS of spelling errors, such as"GEMIFICATION" or "GAMEIFICATION" and not even close on Theory names or multiple personal and business names. Without accuracy, it is impossible to find key terms in the transcripts for a quick review or to study content in more details - at my own pace.2) Seems odd that a course on gamification does not use some of those principles.3) Course seems a bit dated - with several references to things popular 5 -8 years ago - and lacks recently revised references to newer content.  More history than the cutting edge of current trends.4) Ok as an introductory course but its description does not clearly indicate it as such.5) Lynda.com has a better (and sorter) overview of Gamification for Learning (with Karl Kapp)  which is more specific to what I truly need to know.
For being a course on Gamification, I found this course to be quite boring. The professor has read and written some things about gamification, but he doesn't seem to have any practical experience designing successful games or gamified systems. As a result, much of the advice and knowledge in this course is very basic, something anyone who's spent an hour or so thinking about what makes the games they like great would already know. If you want to learn more about gamification, I'd recommend playing great games or reading articles from actual game designers. You'll learn much more from inference than the direct but very basic teachings in this course. Or, you can also audit this course and skim through the lessons at 2x speed only to pause when you find something that interests you. Other than that, this course isn't worth your money.
Good content but a bad course. It doesn't have clear rules and is not consistent. I recommend enrolling to have access to the videos and the references, but don't face it as a serious course.
Progressing a bit slow at times, and too often stating the obvious. Positives: Good frameworks though, and plenty of examples.
The material is extremely out of date.
The course itself is not bad, if you do not have previous knowledge in gamification. It's a good introduction that covers a few important aspects of this relatively new discipline. But you can feel many times that many of the lessons are already out of date (just take a look at the examples the teacher provides) and the situation of the market the teacher describes is gone. There are new issues and new challenges. Another important flaw, from my point of view is that he doesn't delve into the analysis of the examples, which would be much more practical, useful and interesting than trying to cover the course with this kind of pseudo-academic patina.
Wasn't bad, but felt it should be updated. Also, I think the psychology element should have been taught earlier.
Some outdated material, but overall a good introduction to the concepts of Gamification.
The main critic I can place on this course is its accuracy
in time. I clearly felt while taking the class that it was recorded a few years
ago and went unchanged since then. The professor mentions examples dating of
2011 for instance and some links were unfortunately not accurate anymore or referring
to broken pages (even more important when the link is in the final exam!). This
makes the participant’s feelings that the course isn’t really maintained or
updated. I would say this is particularly troubling for such a class because even
though the basic concepts won’t change, I expect this field of research to
advance significantly year over year. We know how fast the digital world is
moving and it is the same with games. Mobile games are expanding, MMO games are
more and more present and new games designs are appearing. Hence these new
developments have to have impacts on the gamification elements. We could think
of games structures, designs, elements, etc.  I am sure the professor will agrees with me. This being said, the course was overall good. Content is satisfying
with lots of concepts, examples to explain them and real life application. The
professor did a great job in making the lectures interesting and easy to
follow. Written assignments were a good way to make sure we understand and immediately
apply the concepts of the lecture. I liked it. Thank you for providing
this interesting field of research on Coursera and all the best in your
research in Gamification! David
The course suffers from the following shortcomings: a. The structure is very loose and you fail at various times to make the connectb. The concepts are not very tightly wound with each other and keep hanging loose throughout the course. The examples are mostly of almost 6-7 years earlier and fail to give a contemporary touch in terms of business and social work implementations.The above points apart, the course is good to get an overall hang of the subject.
The course is "ok" but not great.  It has one instructor who teaches 98% of everything, which gets a little old.  It also seems like there's not enough material for the length of time - very repetitive.  Basically, you learn everything about Gamification in the 1st
Good information but I was hoping to be able to DO something by the end of the course. After scheming the transcripts, I noticed there was no opportunity to apply the concepts in a guided manner. That's why I didn't complete the course or fully engage.
Focused only in gamification for enterprise. I don't get the framework at all, when doing assigments I rely on Deterding framework and get better grades (A2 100% / A3 100%). Needs to update examples and some questions in quizzes
I really liked the content and the structure of the course, but as the material is already almost ten years old the examples are very outdated.
Good content with triggering assignments. I find the video's less engaging and recommend reading the transcripts.
needs some "Gamification"
Awesome course. Contents, format, presentation, examples, narrative, depth. Learned a lot. Absolutely appreciate the knowledge shared by Professor and the efforts of all the people involved. One of the best courses I have taken so far and I'd highly recommend it to others. Some things which will make it even better - 1) maybe the whole course (learning/participation) itself could have been gamified 2) providing slide deck and notes for us to refer to 3) more involvement in discussion forums 4) some changes in language of questions and choices offered 5) direct involvement by CommunityTA etc for answering questions or clarifying things 6) Assignment #3 should have been in the week of Design (not application). 7) Providing summary points at the end of each lecture 8) maybe reduce # of video lectures per week. 9) Last but not least - offering "Certificate of Accomplishment" (free), not just paid ! We'd have felt nice to see the certificate and showing it off to our friends/colleagues (actual use of the things we learned in this course !). Thank you !!
Course itself was great.  All the way through, I could see applications for the training I'm responsible to develop for my organization.  My biggest problem was with the final test.  I had to do it three times, so yeah, I'm stupid.  There's a 40-minute time limit but no clock, so monitor your own time, for 20 questions, so 2 minutes each, right?  No, a number of the questions ask you to watch  youtube videos which averaged 3 minutes each; sometimes you have to search for the video or other content on a website, while the clock ticks,   If  you've found the right page then you can analyze it in relation to the specific question.  But, did you find the right page?  When I'm analyzing the Best Buy offering, what if I look at the Canadian page? Have these links been updated ever year? How do I know I'm on the right page/link?  After all , the course is about 10 years old and the content doesn't have any case studies less than that.  Also, memorize the contetn in the Sight video, and on every video you watch for the exam.  Overall, yes, the  exam questions do distinguish those who really understand the course material, which made me feel really stupid when I failed the test for not choosing all the "best"  answers (adjectives are important! is it "ethical"  not just a concern?)  I'm still not clear on the value of being able to label the Peace Game.  Anyway, I will take the elements and incentivized choices and apply them to gamifying the courses that I have to create for employees who have to demonstrate that they've "acquired" the core knowledge for good citizenship in my organization.TL;DR,  I loved everything until the final exam which is (1) hard and (2) has issues
It was a course in which you learn a lot, especially as background knowledge to make decisions for new projects. I can now go and implement it in my work as a designer. And it leaves me wanting to know more. But it is greatly paced, and in this particular course I would not add more info.My two major issues are the absence of a quick summary in the end of every week, especially the  models that are mentioned.  Also a great overview in the end. What models are used in what You can make it yourself, but would be a great learning tool and giving more insight when to use them in the process of gamification.And the course (especially the examples) are getting outdated, it seems. Make some reading available with updated examples?Make sure you make notes! That helps a lot with learning!
Good course. The entire course structure is well designed. I really liked the level of assessment questions, subjective scenarios and peer-grading method. My only complaint is with the evaluation method of MCQ Quizzes. I felt the passing criteria for the Quizzes is way higher from an average limit (a 60% would have been a good choice). 80% passing criteria with NO scope of an error made the assessments difficult and sometimes frustrating to move ahead. It's not the questions which are difficult but the score counting method. So, my only suggestion is please work on the scoring method so that it doesn't spoil a learner's sense of achievement.
I found the course very engaging and thought provoking.  I enjoyed the units and was highly motivated to complete the course, even though it is really on the peripheral of the kind of work that I do at the moment.  The only reason I did not give the course 5 stars is because I feel it is a little out of date.  Most everything is relevant, however the statistics in week 1 is out of date and could easily be updated.  I also think some of the specific examples could be updated, and maybe something on social media as this has exploded since the course was created.
This course is very well design. The professors seems to be talking to you directly which makes and emotional conexion. Then he structures the parts of the course telling you what is the hierarchy between them. He uses the methods he is explaining us with us: The scaffolding, the course starts fun and easy and becomes harder in the end. The assignments evolve by adding the information from the new classes with what we already mastered. The only reason why I don't put the 5 stars is because the videos and the presentations are not as well designed as the rest.
It needs to be updated, only a single piece of date is from 2016, most of the content is pre-2012, it needs to fit everyone around the world, most students dont seem to be from the US, assignments need to be updated and focused on creating and less on sellingand business models. The exams are hard to understand, involve new examples that are not greatly explained, some answers are very subjective, either when i missed them and even when i got them right. Needs a bit more information on gamification in the classroom, is very focused on business.
Very interesting course, the 5th and 6th week are a little less complelling than the others but overall it is very useful, well explained and easy to understand even for non-english mothertongue speakers such as myself.I don't give five stars because the course is 4 years old now (it was made in 2012), and even though the general informations are still effective, I think that it should need an update for what concerns the examples and the new experiences gamification has gone through during these last years.
A fascinating insight into the concepts, theoretical contexts and frameworks of gamification; Kevin Werbach presented the lectures clearly and eruditely. I would have liked more in the way of 'handouts' to accompany the lectures, and perhaps some more links to background reading (for those of us with a more 'reflector' learning style). Also, as this is such a fast-moving field I think it would be helpful for the course to be updated periodically with new developments and emerging ideas and trends.
Good course, rich of contents and turning points to reflect and create new things after the course.Good interviews with the special guests to enrich the entire course.Some parts in the end (module 5-6) are explained too quickly and i think that there is material enough to do a larger course about that.Thx for the opportunity of learning with the staff of a prestigious university in a funny and immersive way.I will bring notions and knowledge in multiple ways to do my best with it. Thx again.
This is a great course that challenged my views on gamification and its application in the sphere of business. I enjoyed thinking through the theoretical principles taught in the lectures and then assessing the potential of gamification to solve for specific business goals. Engaging with classmates to hear different perspectives on the same presented material also added to the depth of insight I gained. I definitely feel my sense of the applicability of gamification has been sharpened.
The material in this course is great. The material is very thoughtfully structured and presented.My one, huge comment to the professor is that all of the drawing on the slides is SUPER distracting and unnecessary. If you've got a slide with bullet points of topics you're going to talk about, you really don't need to underline or otherwise indicate them as we go along. Additionally, drawing (images) on the slides will never be better than having a slide with an image already on it.
Explains the concepts of gamification from different angles. To me it gave a lot to both discuss gamification from a psychological as well as a game design perspective. What motivation is there, what is intrinsic motivation and much more. I also like that the course had good exercises, which let you use what what you had learned in each chapter. What I didn't like was that it was sometimes hard to get meaningful criticism from the other peers on the written exams.
This course was great. I loved all the lectures, how it was facilitated and the connections between each week were solid. I do think that doing this in 2020 is a bit dated now in many places. The psychology and behaviour stuff is always relevant but many of the examples are now old and in some cases newer models are out there. There are also huge jumps in gamification examples (think Pokémon GO, Ingress and more) that now exist that would be good to see explored.
The course is really well done and gives an excellent overview over gamification.If you are already familiar with Game Design, be aware that around 50% of the course talks about Game Design basics. (Which is fundamentally important to understand Gamification).My only critique is, that sometimes the assignment-rating-cards did not leave much room to distinguish a really good submission from one that only "checked all boxes".
I liked the content and the way is was presented with simple drawings. I like the real live examples. I think about the game of zombies and flowers to analyze onboarding.I felt that behaviorism and dopamine was not put in context with the rest of psychology and neurotransmitters. It made me feel disappointed.The interviews were great ! Love them, great question, great answers. BRAVO !
Kevin's course delivery & explanation brings the kind of clarity in concepts & application, a learner truly desires. Very well explained. Thanks, Kevin.I wish, 1. there was an advanced course to deep dive into areas of choice2. there were ways to directly interact & work on a real life project with Kevin & other selected classmates/others learners/practitioners  from offline world
I really liked the course, the professor, the book and the issues it's discussing. It's a super interesting topic!The course itself could use some updating (it's already a couple of years old) and some of the links in the final exams don't seem to work anymore (they direct you to the same concepts, but the video's referred are not there anymore).
This course was helpful in introducing gamification to me in a manner beyond the surface level of it, and it provides a well-rounded view of it's potential short-comings. There is also a lot of useful extra resources mentioned in the lectures and other experts' work you can take a deeper dive in explore more gamification related concepts.
Should be a 4-weeks course. Universities offer 4 weeks courses for teaching R Programming, a six 6 weeks course for gamification? The final exam should be easier and less time consuming. "Check all that apply" obsession unnecessarily makes passing harder. Time is scarce, we want to learn in little time breaks we create for yourself.
It is a good but also basic course. Well structured, good ideas, good exercises. But there is not much things to say about this subject in general. Unless you get specific on building gamification for sales force, or for students, etc... Conclusion: It's a great course, but could be more objective and maybe more focused on an area.
Great course, but I didn't like assignments - what is the reason to make it over complicated - for instance, when you are given multiple choice questions with the only one correct answers. Almost all questions had long descriptions, which together with multiple unswers was a nightmare for not native English speaker.
This course is a fantastic introduction to gamification concepts and how they may apply to business or even learning. My only criticism is that the critiques of gamification came at the end of the course, which did not lend a nuanced view of gamification as you are learning about it. Otherwise, great course!
Very interesting course. Very in depth teachings, like the behaviorism, psychology etc.Didn't much like the peer reviews. Not everybody is giving the needed feedback and it was not easy to follow the schedule. If it's a course I do on the side, I find it more appealing if I can do it on my own tempo.
I really appreciated the assignment tasks and the interviews, the material itself was ok as well, although was not intensive enough for me. I really missed nice, structured and illustrated transcripts of lessons, such kind of written material could be useful for a reader-type learner as me.
Thorough and well structured. It's a bit dated and could benefit by updating some of the examples, but it has many interesting examples from where to see practical applications of what is taught. The interviews are also valuable although they could be recommended as side material.
This was a great course! The only draw back that I have is that at the end of each video I would have liked a short (less than 1 minute) summary of the ideas discussed in that video. Just a few bullets with the main ideas presented in order to  memorize them better.
The course uses traditional methods of reports and lecture, making the course not as innovative as it should.  Gamification should be more involved in its approach and showing more in-depth tools for the users to apply the gamification tools that is so widely used.
I really enjoyed the course, and learned a lot from it. Lessons are clearly explained and I believe the course covers a lot of the key concepts to enter the world of gamification.I would have appreciate more contact with the professor through the discussion boards.
It's a very good course. Truly recommend to everyone related to marketing and business development. 4 stars for one reasons - some cases (most actually) are already out-dated. I think that renewing this program, making it more 2017 - would help it greatly.
I enjoyed this course, the instructor, and believe the course content met all of the objectives presented at the beginning. I do think this would be a more impactful course if it was recreated now, as a lot has changed in gamification in the last 7 years.
The material in quite important for me at the moment, and I feel like the course itself is pretty good. The main place to improve for my point of view will be add some information regarding how to apply frameworks course provide in a best way.
A good and thorough analysis of the aspects of gamification(+) Professor talked a lot about psychology, motivation(-) I missed an example of how to make a gamified system from scratch instead than looking at examples from webpages.
Seeing we had a gamification course, we could have a better "gamified" course itself! I was really hoping (and even making a list) with all the stuff the professor had in it's video. The course is very good, tho.
I like it! It is clear, love the examples, and the interviews. *Perhaps the only thing I'd add it more highlighting in items to keep in mind at the end of the lectures: Like a summary... That's usually helpful.*
I've found the professor extremely engaging and it has made a real difference to way I approach motivation with young people in the care environment. Definitely worth a look if you are working in this field.
Lots of good information. My only complaint was that it was specifically geared to business and I was trying to apply it to education. (there was also very little gamification done to the actual course)
Great primer course for anybody who wants to get started in the field of gamification. Techniques and information that are offered can be used straight away. It's a practical approach to the topic.
The course is excelent, have the foundation of the topic but it's a little bit old. There are some new information that should be included, specifically in the gamification design frameworks.
Engaging teacher, good examples, wide point of view on the topic. Also the criticism and future of Gamification is addressed which makes the learner think about other perspectives as well.
It was a very wonderful theoretical and slightly practical analysis of gamification. I want to thank the instructor and everyone who had a hand in creating this online course. Thank you
Just finished my first week and cannot tell enough how much my brain absorbed from the subject. Professor Werbach is a great teacher and a passionate for the subject.
Great teacher, content is interesting and well presented. The homeworks are increasingly difficult, but are a good way to practice what you learned.
Excellent, informative and fun.  Great course for this with an interest in gamification and wish to expand their knowledge, expertise and ideas.
Great content. Having the possiblity of exchanging information on site with the possibility of developing group work would have been great.
I really like this course. It is full of practical exams and talks about the pros and cons. The professor is also very good at explaining.
Quite a handy course to get the understanding of the concept of Gamification. Well paced to do it in parallel with whatever job you have.
I really found this course interesting. As a teacher it is important for
me to think about motivation and how the get students onboard.
interesting and useful class. The content is great to understand how applications in our mobile devices nowadays was designed.
it was very good but i wanted to spend more time with it i think i didn't get the best of it but the material is really useful
Interesting, engaging; whoever thought strategy and fun could be spoken of in the same sentence!  Thanks Prof. Werbach.
btw, I'd like to refer someone, but I don't see how beyond sending them the generic link -- any help is appreciated.
Great course but it's too heavy on theory and doesn't provide enough hands-on suggestions, tips and best practices.
Fantastic course. I think it would benefit from updating some of the contents to reflect trends in 2015. Thank you!
I like the course but I think that maybe is too business oriented and I was seeking for education oriented.
This is really a interesting and eyeopening challenge - especially if English is not you first lang
This course was very useful and will helpful to anyone interested in learning about gamification
It's a nice course on gamification which is the future,few freeware can't also be suggested
The course really helped me a lot in different ways! and I can't wait to finish it up ")
I would like to see more examples and learn how this technique is applied into schools
This course helps to understand the foundation and complexity of Gamification.
Nice course, useful for self improvement and user experience design
If there is more homework to come with lecture it will be better.
I delightful course.I especially enjoyed the parts on psychology.
Recommended ..tough course but one learns a lot if dedicated :)
There are some videos in English language without translate :(
Its a great course to learn the basics of gamification.
very clear and give us whole picture on gamification.
good course , learned a lot,  actually great course
It good insight in gamifiacation processes.
Very useful, sometimes not very exciting.
Very interesting and very much useful.
Very informative and well presented.
Long, but thorough and worthwhile.
Unique and well presented course
Not all the course is on spanish
Enjoyed the course very much.
Well worth the time invested!
Simple, intuitive and updated
Good course with exercizes
Really interesting Course!
you should update it.
It was an interesting learning session -  it gave me a more structured approach to gamification concepts which I can further use in Human Computer Interaction / User Centered Design approach in UX.
Very structured and interesting class about gamification. Kevin is a very engaging teacher and this course was perfect introduction to gamification. I highly recommend the course. Thank you very much!
One of the best courses I've ever had online. The topic of gamification is still new, so this course was the first and the only place where I could find all the necessary information. Every lecture contains a lot of data, so my strong advice is to follow carefully and make notes - you will definitely want ot get back to them. You will find articles, videos and books, advised by professor, if you want to dive deeper into the topic. This was also valuable to me, because there are a lot of books on game design, but you never know which ones are worth reading.  I work at the educational market, and I have already started implementing the principles of the course at my own course programs. I feel this is what I was looking for to make a boost for my business.
Excellent course! I found it very useful. It really builds a super strong foundation to think about this User Motivation and UX. The word Gamification is something that some people like and some hate.
Great course, many insights, great examples and case studies. Full of interesting and motivating elements. A bit too long, on my opinion, maybe splitting in two easier and faster sessions could help.
Insightful course, widens your horizon of thinking. After completion of this course I was able to understand and create many engagement activities in my profession of a Human Resource Officer.
Good course for starters. But i think it's need to an updated version, due to it's launch date - 2012, there is a lot things happens into gamification subject.
I highly recommend this beginner's course to those interested in seeing the ups and downs of a purpose-built system that can motivate human behavior, achieve business objectives, and even work towards social benefit. The professor is genuinely interested in communicating to students his view on the topic, and the game he plays with students is an interesting twist to add in for such an online course. The final exam actually tests your knowledge, and is a welcome challenge. It was nice to see interviews from relevant contributors to gamification, and the "Site" movie was REALLY cool and was a great visual aid. It would be nice to see more updated material on the topic given this course is probably a few years old now, and quizzes / final exam should switch out all questions if taken again to make the student really work to understand the material. All in all, thanks professor for a great experience, and game on!
I really like the way we do peer review on our assignments where we exchange feebacks and ideas with other students. That really gives me more feeling that I am not just taking an online course but also I am in this learning community. I guess this is especially helpful to introverted people like me who doesn't have much energy participating in the forum. I have been working in the online game industry for more than 7 years and only recently I got to the concept of gamification. By taking this course I believe I not only learned a lot more about gamification, but also I got to learn more of why some games are better than the other. Big thanks for offering this course I will definitely be taking any follow up courses in this space.
This course is AMAZING! The professor managed to cram in so much theory in such a concise form, and all the theory is straight to the point and corraborated with real scientific research findings. I highly recommend to participate in all (even optional) discussions because they make you consider important things and reinforce what you've already learned. The practical projects were also great and really interesting! I'm getting a PhD in Educational Psychology, and I can tell you that this course is even better that those I took in my university. The information provided here is invaluable. And the teacher is awesome! So don't hesitate to take this course and enjoy! :)
Very comprehensive introduction to gamification; the concepts underlying it and its practical application. Course tutor Kevin Werbach cleverly gamifies the presentation of the material to ensure that participants are constantly engaged and motivated to concentrate and continue. Scope for updating of some website and app examples used as technology has moved beyond many of those used (especially with the advances in mobile technology). Otherwise excellent and I would wholeheartedly recommend the course to anyone seeking to learn about gamification specifically or indeed add to their knowledge of other subjects e.g. design concepts and behavioural psychology.
It's a great journey full of detailed definition / examples & different layers of the gamification  concept pumped with elaborated videos. The course is designed very well & wisely, which is delivering the expected objective seamlessly. As student when I started this course I never thought  that Gamification would have such a great impact on human behavior. But know I know I has tremendous powerful tool which can be used anywhere to get the desired output.I thank you all of them, who put their effort to make this course available for the seekers like me...! A special thank to Mr. Kevin Werbach, Mentors & coursera team.Thank you,Pradeep Indalkar
I am really satisfied with this course. It is thorough, well structured and gradually leads you to acquire the skills, structures and design techniques necessary to proceed independently. In particular it provides many frameworks to guide the designer in the various phases of gamification analysis. The interviews and countless examples of case studies are very useful. Professor Werbach speaks very clear English for non-native speakers. The subtitles are complete even if the Italian translation is not always correct. The grades' assignments are well set up and the performance is well guided.Thank you very much Professor Werbach! Good job!
i would give this 5 stars but i would suggest rethinking some parts and updating the course given what the market is like right now. also it would be nice if there are more studies about how gamification fails. i guess a lot of problems in digital ideas is we learn from successes but we don't learn a lot from failures. Having said these i still think this course deserves 5 stars. I find a lot of useful info here that i have successfully applied in my job as an entertainment industry creative even halfway through finishing the course.
Wonderful course! Opens your mind to totally new, but, in the same tame, so obvious things that can improve your personal skills and team skills if only you could implement this Gamification knowledge! Prof. Werbach is really one of the most admired Guru in this area and his lecture is not actually a lecture =) It is a game like WOW and you simply jump into and learn with FUN! I reacommend this course to business leaders, team leaders and individuals looking for a change of paradigm! You'll enjoy as thousands of people did already!
Information and topics are laid out very clearly from the very start.Sources are solid, interviews are very rich and insightful. Models are very useful and I was even able to apply them right after completing the course.High-spirited teacher. It was a joy to see his enthusiasm for adding Gamification examples in the course background throughout the whole course. As well as him showing off his World of Warcraft gear and affinity. That was almost heartwarming to see.Overall, a very well-rounded and useful course.
I really liked the course! It was very challenging and fun! The new concepts that I've learned brought further, especially because it gave me a lot of new ideas on how I could use it in my new company. Some of the aspects of motivation and psychology I had some knowledge due to the position that I had at the last company I worked for (management trainee, supervisor and manager). Therefore, the course complemented the concepts that I had in mind. Thank you very much for the opportunity. It was awesome!!!
This is the best humanities course I have taken online. The lectures were thought provoking, and there are plenty of chances to think about and apply the concepts of Gamification outside of the lectures and quizzes. For example, the 'discussion' topics given were stimulating and rewarding to think about. A lot was left to the learner's imagination in wondering how the concepts could be applied to the real world - for better and for worse! The quizzes definitely tested the knowledge from the lectures.
Highly recommend this intriguing course. It covers psychology, behavioural economics, motivation, employee and customer engagement and of course elements of game design. The assignments are a blend of quizzes - which can be tricky! - and 3 written papers which allow for a lot of fun and creativity in putting the theory you cover into practice. A course with real meat on its bones, you'll come away with a lot of learning and start seeing gamification all around you. More courses like this, please!
The instructor is obviously very knowledgeable in the area of gamification. The experts he had in the course really added to the content.  I was hesitant taking this course because I wasn't sure if I would learn anything important or useful, but I definitely feel that I have learned.  I downloaded many materials from this course and hope to review everything again at a later date. The material was excellent, the framework and psychology behind gamification makes sense and is very useful to know.
The course gave me an insight on the Concept of Gamification and ideas of its possible applications in my professional life. From just a buzz word which I heard in the office corridors to being able to understand the details on what goes into real gamification is my take-away from the course. The content was easy to understand, the references and examples were very relevant. Overall, a great sense of achievement and learning. Thank you Prof Kevin Werbach for making it so interesting.
This course provided with a strong foundation on what gamification is, thinking like a game designer and enabled me to understand the benefits of gamification as well as how to apply these concepts.Dan and Kevin did an outstanding job putting this together and points students in right direction to further understanding of this "new" (or not so new) paradigm.I'm really excited about how I can apply self deterministic concepts at my job.Guillermo Lam - Solution Architect (MAPFRE USA)
This course is very dense and requires a large amount of time but it's worth it. There's rich and deep content, useful tools, and warnings. I like the emphasis on ethics and the thought for the players. Pleasant alternation between quiz and written assignements to manage the workload, and assigment on credible case is great to build condifence in the use of the content of the course and on future real implementation. Thanks ! That was a great experience !
This was a great course - the perfect thing to do whilst in lockdown due to COVID-19! The weekly structure and deadlines has kept me on track in terms of timings which is something which really helped me with my lack of structure at the moment. Professor Kevin Werbach is very easy to listen to,  makes the lectures interesting and lays out the course in a clear way. I'm now looking forward to taking my learnings back to work. Would definitely recommend!
Kevin Werbach is an awesome professor with an awesome way of portraying this topic. Lots of examples and real-life examples help reinforce the theory behind all that is learnt from the course. Even tho sometimes the quizes have some questions about some really minor topics that we sometimes don't focus on during the classes, we can always go back and review the contents! Really happy for this being my first coursera course.! More on the way for sure!
I liked this course really much. Fortunately, book "For the Win" was published in Russian as well, so I read it as well. What I can say about both of it - I liked it a lot.I like games and I like to work in business, so this course was kinda solution for me explaining, how can I do both of it same time. Also, I got lots of practical advices and examples about it.Thanks, Mr. Kevin Werbach for the course and the book.Greetings from Ukraine!
I've known a lot of new intresting things from the Course. There were excellent interviews with people who have a deep practical background in the area. After the course you'll be able not just to gamify but get a much deeper understanding on how to make your service successfull, understand your users, understand the triggers that actually work in IT area. Very very useful, highly recommend. Kevin Werbach knows how to engage his audience.
It was the first online course that I took and it is really excellent. As for a teacher with a couple of decades of experience I can't say that it was compleat revelation. But Prof. Werbach is so inspiring that a lot of ideas of using of Gamification just started generating in my head. I am quite sure that a great future is awaiting for this interesting subject. I would be happy to thank Cousera and Prof. Werbach for your priceless work!
Absolutely fascinating course, taught by an intelligent, funny, professor. I would love to take more courses from Prof. Werbach! As a long-time gamer (35+ years) this course was so interesting, on so many levels.  It's going to take a while to digest everything I've learned. In the meantime, I will be purchasing the professor's book as a token of gratitude for the availability of this course....and to learn more about gamification!
Thank you Professor Kevin Werbach for the wonderful lectures. A layperson like me who has no idea of gamification could understand the lectures and complete the course. The assignments and the quizzes were beautifully designed and helped me learn more about the course. I have bought the book Professor and I intend to keep learning some more from the book. Thank you Sir and the entire team of Coursera for making this happen for me.
The course is very well structured, explanations are clear and Kevin makes everything light and easy to understand, breaking down bigger concepts into smaller pieces of information, as well as providing plenty of examples.The exercises are also very practical and require a strong understanding of the main concepts, so they work very well to assess student progress. Overall an amazing course - comprehensive, interesting and light.
I loved this course, the way in which the teacher approached the subjects very light & fun yet deep & professional, having always a game-like mindset (never forgetting to give examples of how the learned mechanics would work in a gaming experience).I'm definitely buying this course on the future & I hope there are more of them regarding this games & business subject. Thankful for having participated in this experience. Javier.
The course excellent analyzes and explains all the concepts relating to Human Psychology in the context of interaction and involvement with Game Elements. Not just from an academic and theoretical subject point of view but the course will also help the students to understand the impact of real-world strategies adopted by governments and organisations world-wide. A must do course for everyone!
Enlightening, useful, engaging and motivating! That is how I describe this course. Professor Werbach manner of teaching and information presentation made the course interesting to learn and pleasurable to participate in. I believe that knowledge gained in this course could and should be applied to many varieties of business and social enterprises. Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us.
This course is rewarding. I have been looking for a new field to move  into and i have found one. Thank you. I just finish taking the course and i know i have seen great future ahead. Gamification is quite broader than we think. It will take the world into a dimension than we think. The name might change. It is quite amazing. You will see the application in areas you never thought before.
I used to work as a game designer for five years, creating multiplayer social games for Facebook and web browser MMO games, later couple gamification projects for services. I've learned this profession on my own, reading articles and books.
I came here with a goal to refresh my memories, but I've learned new things too. 
It was an enjoyable experience, and I'm thankful for that.
A *Very* rich course on the novel topic, and although introductory, it will open the whole scope of gamification wide in front of you for further research and learning. The instructor is knowledgeable and fun, the assignments are a litter harder than the Coursera course average but that adds a challenging sense to it. Recommended course if the topic is of interest to you.
Gamified course on gamification. Prof. Werbach goes from very basics through psychology concepts and game elements to solid framework to use for your gamification work. This all with MANY examples and references to books and videos. Prof. Werbach shows you, that not everything, that you thought works in gamification actualy works, explains why not a what to use instead.
Excellent!  I would take it again just to get the references and information I know I missed.  I teach at a University, using games and simulations in both undergrad and graduate courses.  This gave me a deeper understanding of games and gamification.  I've purchased some of the materials mentioned in the course for further reading.  Thanks, Kevin, for a great course!
The course is very well organized, balanced with theory and practice; will give you broad scope of what gamification is where it can be applied. The course is full of insights that can be used in real life. I like everithing in the course, the content, the teacher, the students and how all the parts are connected to each other. Big thank to the authors! Just great!
Amazing! I was totally hooked to the course and kept on coming back, especially to hear the instructor's one-liners every now and then. Jokes apart, Kevin Werbach did a fabulous job!  I was intrinsically motivated to do this course all this while and felt elated upon its completion. Thanks a lot everyone who contributed towards creating this course :D
This course was very well structured, and I can immediately identify learnings from the course that I can apply in my work as I am trying to design a gamified system for my customers. I loved the use of examples that I could look up immediately while new concepts were being introduced.Thank you to Prof. Warbech and his team for putting this together!
Great experience!  I love the explanations of professor Kevin Werbach so clear and complete. I have had feedback everytime throughout the course through the explanations, activities and forums. All the concepts related to gamification are explained and also possible drawbacks we can find when gamifying. The future is open for us to play. Thankyou
I really enjoyed this course.  I appreciated that the lectures were divided into short 7-15 minute videos so I could squeeze a few in over lunch at my desk.  I also appreciated the slides which I downloaded, exported to powerpoint and used to take notes.  Professor Werbach was an engaging instructor and put together a well-designed online course.
I am grateful for the creators of this course for the hyper detailed research and the deep history of recent events. These "secret wars" happening right in the corner in the eye deserved a cold harsh look, to master those tools and when to recognize when those tools are used on us. Thank you again for the sharp minded Coursera team.
This is one of the best courses I have ever done! I just fell in love with everything! Congratulations to everyone who participated in the course! You contributed a lot to my life! The coursera goes beyond teaching, it changes people's lives and makes believe that we are all capable of achieving our goals !!  God bless all!!! ;-)
This is an excellent course on Gamification, or how to add game elements to your website, mobile app or business to make it more compelling and fun. I learned so much about psychology and motivation. I also learned about how NOT to slap game elements together to gamify something without being clear about the objectives.
Awesome course!!!  Recommend for every that need or want to know about Gamification....  and a big bônus is the Professor Werbach, so nice and intelligent...  hard study, but with a lot of fun too....   I liked and suggested for new students!!!  

Congratulations coursera and congratulations professor Kevin Werbach!!!
This was an interesting and well structured course that definitely delivered substantial amounts of quality information about gamification. The quizzes and assignments were challenging, but not impossible to complete and pass. Plus, being able to look at other students' assignments also helped to fixate the content.
Professor Werbach knows perfectly what he is talking about and is really charismatic. Contents are great and written assignments make you analyse and plan for gamified systems. I acquired a lot of knowledge from this course and I know I will apply many of the course's topics in my daily life and professional life.
Challenging enough and fun. Ok, to be more thorough: Gamification is not easy as you might think. It involves Sociology, Psychology, Strategy, Creativity, and much more. I like the organization of this course a lot. The great amount of information and opens a lot more ideas to keep learning this subject. Take it!
A Must! The course is extremely well taught, with a great use of technology. The topic is complex and although some simplifications are necessary, I feel that this course really gives some competence as opposed to a general idea of the topic that other courses might give. You will not regret taking this course.
This is a great course. It keeps your attention. The wide variety of applications is endless and the examples provided during the lecture were relevant, interesting and thoughtfully selected. I've recommended this course to a number of people. I will apply what I've learned to my work as a corporate trainer.
Gamification is an emerging field of study and also an emerging business practice.The course haven shown different perspectives, and techniques of gamification.Also, the peer-review assignments are really helpful for understanding the content, and also follow the latest trend of the business world.
Fantastic course with comprehensive coverage of the gamification concept. The key point was about linkages with behavior change theories and possible pitfalls if Game elements are applied without due consideration for the end goal. Game design framework covered E2E steps in most logical fashion.
Excellent course, with lots of business insights that are useful in various activities, not only in a specific project, but every time you will be working with another person / coworker / supplier / client / etc! Gamification is the best tool for using when motivation is mandatory, i.e. always!
The course was excellent. Prof Werbach has structured the course beautifully and it helps the learner develop his/her own thinking process with respect to games over the duration of the course. It is a must for anyone looking to improve their marketing efforts and achieve their business goals.
Kevin is a great professor, the course is very complete and he explain all the concepts in a very clear and fun way. As
 a suggestion I would add a pdf with the summary of the subjects seen in
 the course, something practical to review the concepts without having 
to see all the videos again.
This was my first Coursera course and I really enjoyed it!The course structure is well thought and the assignments are challenging, I learned a lot.It has a lot of psychological motivations theory and game design thinking combined into real world business scenarios. Great course overall.
Very nice. As for experienced designer even, that was really, meaningful, informative & structured enough to apply in real life. 6 weeks duration is really enough to cover major aspects & not loose the interest in the middle. And i guess, that's great start to move further. Best, Aleh
This is an extremely good and comprehensive introduction to Gamification. By the end of the course, you learn enough and even more to apply game elements to your real-life business and life challenges. I wish the course was updated though (some of the content is slightly outdated).
The essentials of today's business logic. After 15 years in advertising strategy I rarely encounter better courses than this. Well structured, challenging tempo (at times), fantastic assignments. Handouts not the best thought, so prepare not to rely on them and make notes yourself.
Really, really enjoyed this course. Didn't think when I started it, that it would have the depth that it did, but was pleasantly surprised. Professor Werbach is a superb speaker - natural and confident. This course has really opened my mind and broadened my thinking. Brilliant. :)
Very rich course with loads of content, very useful insight. Very comprehensive and comprehensible, it follows an easy to understand structure and provides the learner with rich knowledge of the subject. The concepts are well-explained and it is made interesting by the speaker.
The best course on Coursera from all that I was already participate into! Lectures are interesting, tests are shaped nicely and related to the course material very well, and assignments were the most fun - pretty hard, but interesting, challenging and useful. Thanks a lot!
Fantastic insight into the basics of gamification including its theories, psychological background, history and a lot of practical examples. Prof Warberg is a passionate and smart presenter. Not bored for one second and managed to stay all motivated throughout the course.
I found this course to be great as for beginners and for someone who is already familiar with gamification. This course is well-managed and thought through. Assignments are interesting and not meaningless.I enjoyed spending this 6 weeks with Professor Werbach. Thank you!
Great course with a serious discussion of gamification topics , it addresses both its advantages and pitfalls. Kevin is a great professor that explains concepts clearly and in a fun way. The course interviews are relevant. Looking forward to a more advanced level course.
ME SIENTO ORGULLOSO DE
HABER PARTICIPADO EN ESTE CURSO Y EMPEZAR APLICAR, DISEÑAR, Y DESARROLLAR,
COMPROBAR, CONSTATAR Y POSTULAR NUEVOS CAMBIOS SOBRE LA GAMIFICACION QUE SE HA
DESARROLLADO EN ESTE CURSO¡¡¡¡ FELICITO AL PHD. KEBIN WERBACH POR ESTA
OPORTUNIDAD, GRACIAS.
The course helped me clarify my understanding of gamification as an emerging field of study. Not only that, it gave me a set of tools to actually  apply gamification to my current endeavors. All this while enjoying the material and professor Kevin's teaching style.
This course was amazing. It gave me the tools to not only apply critical thinking into gamification and the use of game elements in various non game-like structures, but also provided me with a helpful framework to develop gamified systems. Thank you a lot
I am trying to apply some gamification techniques at work now (Gamification project for Retail department) and this course really helped me to overcome some obstacles and to think of some new ideas on how to make this experience better.Thank you very much!
it's my first course on coursera. i don't have reference to compare with, but i found it interesting, and complete. It helped me to understand better how to motivate people. My field is education so i'll use many of the contents explained in this course.
This course has been very interesting throughout. It helped me gain a lot of knowledge and give a direction to my thought process in this domain. I am certain I can apply these learnings in my future professional journey. Thanks to wharton and coursera.
The course is not too hard and it's very suitable for the beginners!You'll learn the concept of the gamification systimatically and comprehensively.The three assignment are worth to give it a try, and you'll learn how to apply this knowledge in reality.
This course is exceptional, full of discovery and learning. Even if you just make pure fun games for entertainment, I believe there are lots of valuable lessons in here to guide you toward making something that follows conventions and is attractive.
This course is a great introduction to familiarize yourself with the rudiments of gamification. It covers the basic elements and is taught really well. The assignments and exams are reasonably challenging as well! I'd highly recommend this course.
This course add a new dimension in my career. It changes my thoughts I really appreciate and recommended this course. Special thanks to Professor Kevin Werbach to offer such rich course materials and share his remarkable thoughts on Gamification.
I really enjoyed the course, it opened new doors for me. I think the rating system needs to be improved. The evaluation made by colleagues is not always correct. Coursera can improve its assignment rating system, including using gamification.
A very comprehensive and enlightening course containing a lot of helpful examples and very well explained by the teacher. I strongly recommend this course to everybody who wants to get a good understanding on gamification and its application.
Absolutely enjoyed learning about Gamification! Kevin explaines every aspect very well and it made me learn how to think as a game designer. I'm definately going to use my knowledge in practical situations! Thanks for all, I learned a lot!
This course was extremely informative, eye-opening and pleasureable. I've learned a lot during these 6 weeks. I strongly recommend this coure for everyone because it's not only about business but also about self development and motivation.
Great course! Very useful. It's really important that you disuss not only advantages of gamifification but also limits and threats. I wish the course soon would be more up to date. Thanks a lot for this profound and very practical course!
Great course. Professor Werbach gives materials with lots of excitement and explains everything with great details and examples. I've passed the course twice (second time for Coursera Certificate) and both time it was great experience.
Excellent course if you want to get an overview but also jump into some detail. The lecturer is really good and explaines everything very well, uses a lot of examples which makes it even easier to understand. Good assignements, too!
For those who want to start to better understand and use the gamification system, this course is very interesting because it covers in a general way all the concepts related to the system. The tasks performed were very interesting.
Course delivery is superb, and the support is outstanding as well. Whatever misgivings are my own concerning gamification. I foresee more and more of gamification designs that would miss the substance for the form.Rajan Ramasamy
The teaching quality is excellent. The course is complete and detailed. The teacher seems to have real intention of making you understand what gamification is, what can it do for good and what are the dangers and the criticism.
Very interesting! the peer-graded assignments were fun to do. Prof. Werbach explains the concepts so clearly! His way of analysing and breaking down real world examples to explain all the concepts of gamification was a delight
It's a great course that gives you all the information, tools and challenges that exist with the gamification but above all it is a course that inspires you, challenges your creativity and demands you to be better every day.
Brilliant course! This is a really interesting and exciting (sometimes a bit scary) field. Thanks so much to Professor Werbach for putting this all together. There is not a single person I would not recommend this course to.
Extremely well structured. Highly interesting. I enjoyed every part of it. One can feel in every video that Professor Werbach is extremely knowledgeable and passionate about the subject. I can highly recommend this course.
Great repository of information on anyone trying to understand gamification better. I also appreciate Prof. Werbach for sticking to the nomenclature of gamification despite a lot of opposition to it existing in the market.
Fantastic, if you try to change your world you only need a intrinsic motivation find you own rewards. after finish this course. I think like a game designer in my projects and new developments, thanks professor Werbach !!
It was very informative with good examples. The exercises, quizzes, and the assignments were well thought out and ensured that unless one has looked at all the content and understood it, it is difficult to pass the exam.
This course is very comprehensive and intresting. It gives you useful handles to implement gamification into your business or life. The assignments make sure you implement the stuff learned in class into real situations.
Amazingly well designed program! The tests and assignments are designed to help reinforce and apply all the concepts discussed in the lectures. The course is rigorous but not too difficult that you will get demotivated!
As a Software Developer, I see a great value in such a course, the concept was totally new to me when I first heard about it, and I got a lot of benefit of it, thanks a lot for making it free to go through this course.
This course has the basics of gamification in one place. It really helped me organize and produce my project better and protected me from actions that could prove to be potentially harmful if I had applied them.
Best gamification for enterprise courses out there! Not only it's professionaly taught, but also prof. Kevin Werbach knows how to keep users to watch his course! Pretty fun and educative. I highly recommend it!
I am grateful for having the chance to participate in this course. I have studied books and articles and taken part in several courses for Gamification and I want to say it was by far the best and the deepest.
One of the only courses on Gamification that addresses the concept from all the necessary perspectives. The course is very rich in the academic research especially in the Psychological aspect of Gamification
Very good one. I really liked the academic approach applied to this new upcoming topic. Future directions are also guided & cautions are provided so the learner is aware of where he/she should be careful of.
It's been a great experience going through the course. Kevin is an expert and love his style of delivering the content in a fun manner. Seriously learnt a lot about gamification. exceeded my expectation!!!!
Very nice and thorough course with meaningful quizzes and assignments. Only improvement is that it could use a refresh. Many case studies are quite old and I am sure a lot has happened over the last years.
I learned to be less tense with studies,
understand that through the games there are people who work hard to compose a great gamified system.
Prof. Kevin and team congratulations. I'm already missing. :)
Very insightful and useful. I already had some knowledge about gamification before I took this course, but I still learned a lot. If you are interested in human behaviour, this is a course you will like.
One of the best courses I completed on Coursera, very comprehensive and inspiring. Proferssor Werbach is evidently very passionate about the subject and knows how to engage students. Highly recommended!
The course is great because it lets you gain enough information on the subject easily and motivates you to learn from another sources as well.  At the time of this review I haven´t finished the course.
Very thorough and enlightening course. I like the level of depth and the various examples.The tests are very confusing, I would use less multiple choice answers or reduce a bit the threshold.
A very general course that will provide you with the "overall" look of what gamification is, as well as lots of real world examples of how gamification is being used in real context. Thanks!
Professor Werbach was amazing! Litterally every segment of this course was well thought and inspiring. I learned so much and i finished the course with the desire of learning more and more.
The short videos help a lot. I did this course besides my 40h job and had the chance to get to the end of the course in small steps. Great thing to use the Corona time for something good.
This course gives you the opportunity to explore the mechanisms which can be used in many fields. Interesting and developing tasks make it look more broadly on seemingly irrelevant items.
It was a brilliantly designed, comprehensive course with a very nice and sympathetic instructor. I am very much satisfied not only with the content but also with the assignments as well.
Very insightful! Very good content and very thoughtful considerations about the implications of game design techniques. I enjoyed it and it pushed me to study harder than I expected.
That's super cool. Exceed my expectation 200%. My most valuable take away are self-determination theory, flow, importance of intrinsic motivation, and design framework. Thanks a lot!
As someone who have no previous knowledge on the course's material, I find Prof. Werbach's lectures clear and fun to follow. I have learnt a lot from both the videos and assignments.
The whole field of gamification is very helpful to my recent and future projects. I had lots of great aha moments. Listening to Kevin Werbach was easy and fun. Thx also to my peers!
Great course to learn the deepen essence of gamification on how to apply to real life. it's not only an academic framework but also an implication based on a bunch of real cases.
Amazing course, opens up your eyes and makes you realise that bagdes that you get on some website is a clever gamification trick to keep you engaged! Nice and interesting course!
I really enjoyed this course and ended up buying the book also. The combination of lecture, interviews, reading and activities was a great way to understand gaming fundamentals.
At last a course that get provide interesting twist to way companies think. I'm taking this course to understand how I can enhance our agile implementation in the organization.
Very good course. Well structured, easy to absorb lectures and great examples make's you want to devour it in days, while powerful concepts leave you thinking for a good time.
This is a course for someone who is absolutely serious about learning Gamification for business. The lecture videos are very thorough and the interviews are very informative.
Extremely useful and informative.  Is everything you will need to begin gamifying any system right away!  Professor covers full range of topics in the perfect level of depth.
I enjoyed the course (in general) and find the materials appropriate, if you are a beginner or an intermediate on such topic and interested in, it will probably help you out.
I really liked the course, its range and complexity and how engagingly it was presented. Thanks and congratulations to the team around Professor Kevin Werbach for good work!
This is an exceptional course that gives a deep dive into the good, the bad and the ugly of gamification. A well balanced view of benefits and risk. I enjoyed it thoroughly.
This course provided me with great insides about gamification and explained in a really simple but powerful way how to implement gamification in your activities / business.
It's the second time I watch this course. That's how great it is. Prof. Werbach is a master with gamification and the way it explains the course it's just awesome. THANKS!
I have learned so much from this course!  It has been very useful and given me a better understanding of how Gamification works and can be adapted to real-like scenarios.
I got great pleasure of this course! He is wonderful! Thanks to Kevin Verbah for his efforts, an interesting presentation of the material and very interesting interviews!
Absolutely loves this class. Learned a lot and will apply all those gamification concepts in my daily job which is build products as a UX designer. Thanks for this class.
Awesome trainer and great videos which are easy to follow. The assignments where just right and helped reflect the learning Content and gain a deeper knowledge. Thank you
very interesting subject, well explained with a perfect use of the mooc format. Final exam actually appears to be quite tough (so imply s***** fun according to ... ;-)
Thanks a lot.I find in this course  a useful base of knowledge about the fast-growing practice of gamification. I hope research in this area that is  still developing
I learned about the basic concepts of gamification. The content of the subjects was easy to learn. The examples and exercises facilitate the practice of the theory.
Excellent course material and presentation. I've taken it before and earned a certification. I'm now taking the course again to refresh my knowledge on the subject.
Very well explained, structured, detailed. I had a gamification project but didn't know how to start. The course helped me a lot. Exactly what I was looking for.
Very good introduction to the field of gamification, and the assignments are sufficiently challenging to really help learners internalise and apply the concepts.
Great course! It really explains from the basics whatis Gamification, its benefits, the methodology and lots of examples on how to apply it. Totally recomended!
Its a wonderful course for every working professional. I normally don't give feedback but the course was so awesome that I got motivated to give 5 stars to it.
This course was incredibly interesting. I feel that it has given the theory necessary to begin a gamification project that I have in mind. Thank you for this!
Very informative and balanced in providing a detailed introduction to principles, structures, approaches and challenges to Gamification within enterprises.
Learnt a lot about gamification delivered by an expert in this area. Great to have access to courses that might not be otherwise available in my location.
It's a great course, for fundamental understanding about what gamification is and how better utilize this power tools in your works. Strongly recommended!
Congratulations Prof. Kevin Werbach. Excellent classes, contents, activities, everything. I am very proud to  participate on this course. Thanks a lot!!!
easy to follow, comprehensive and structured course. teaches you all you need to know about what is, and it not, gamification. And, how to implement it.
Great course and curriculum. I learnt a lot, engaging content, real examples,  high complexity quiz and liked the short film on future of gamification.
A suggestion would be to have group sessions or chat rooms where we can make groups and work on some live projects on a platform that is customisable.
Really nice course, enjoyed it much. Best one I saw. Online course of gamification should be gamified as i suggested and that would be really awesome
Intense, demanding but immensely useful and inspirational course both for learning about the subject and for attempting your first gamified platform
Very educational and informative. I am excited to see how gamification will progress in the future and in what innovative ways it will be utilised.
excelent topics, exemples, teacher and course. It was demanding effort and many hours every night but it's a big reward when you reach the goal.
Great course, learned a lot and most importantly gained a new set of tools at analyzing how I approach, understand and interact with technology.
Excellent course, exceeded my expectations, a deeper approach than I imagined. Many thanks Prof. Kevin Werbach and University of Pennsylvania!
I Completed this Course twice, this is an awesome Course in Gamification highly recomended best explanations ever i will take it a third time.
Hands down one of the best online courses I've ever taken. The materials are clear, further reading is available and classmates are great too!
Great course although some of the lectures can be a tad long. Helpful in understanding the concept of games and play. Highly recommend it!
great course, goes into good depth and gets you to think. very nice for a structured introduction to the very relevant Gamification wave
The first coursera class that I actually finished! Very good at keeping me motivated with applicable information and engaging lectures!!
Challenging and difficult at times. Makes you use your lateral thinking. Provides good examples, offers good quality lessons... 5 stars!
By far, the most informative and well delivered online course I have ever taken. I'm looking forward to Professor Werbach's next course.
Fun course to follow and great experience. Well structured and with good balance of (valuable) materials to read/watch and assignments.
Course is fantastic and presentation is very interactive. It met my expectation in every front. Will  love to take up another one soon
Very well structured course. I took it as a part of a project in my job and this course was integral in developing a gamified system.
Excllelent course. Already appliying in my current job. Prof. Werbach has great teaching technics. Very professional and motivating.
Enlightening, inspirational and useful in regards to my career in education. A must-do course on the emergent pedagogy in education.
A VERY good way to introduce and understand the fundamentals of gamification!! Invite you to think more in processes and aplications
A very organized and interesting course. All assignment are about challenging real life situation to solve. A very well spent time.
Excellent course. It has helped me a lot to know and implement Gamification in my professional scope. I definitely recommend it.
It was interesting concept, very well explained and a lot of additional reference provided for further reading on working on it.
Great course, I already had taken a couple of courses online about Gamification, and this is a one of the best courses available
Very interesting and well explained. Useful concepts and techniques to apply today. Examples are a little bit outdated now thou
Very interesting and insightful course. Touches decent amount of psychology topics, so I am likely to take those courses next!
Excellent course - It is quite a bit harder than the "average" course so allow for extra time for both videos and assignments.
Great course, and very thoughtful and applicable to a variety of scenarios, such as management, product design and leadership
Great classical course from master of Gamification.A good starting point for those who wants to know something on this topic.
SuperHappy 6weeks of gamification Learning. Thanks to Prof. kevin werbach, Creating a course material easily understandable.
I really liked this course. The grading rubric for the assignments might be improved, but the course was insightful and fun.
Very complete course on the key aspects for applying game elements to leverage clients/employees engagement on activities .
Awesome!! Despite an old course, everything was actually new to me. Very interesting, this will certainly help with my PhD.
Great for understanding and starting point of. In the future,  will be mention about gamification in the government issues?
Very in-depth, robust and comprehensive. I gained more than I have expected, so much more than I can take at this moment.
I enjoyed the course and will look forward to advanced version of it, like real programming course. Thank you very much!
Great course! I really got a sense of knowing what gamification is about and how to implement it in my own work. Thanks.
This course is bringing the future of managing closer. Thank you! I'm currently introducing a big game into my business.
Challenging, soft, agile and still really difficult course. Which gave me so much theory and gamification understanding
This course is very informative and designed to provided an impactful knowledge on the various aspects of gamification.
Brilliantly designed and paced.A second part to this course will be very important and necessary for many of us.Thanks!
Great course. Shows the principles of gamification in a easy way.After that, you will try to "gamificate" everything =)
It was a very useful course! I was always interested in Gamification and this course has definitely enhanced my skill.
A full five stars for what was a great run through what proved to be an interesting, and hopefully, invaluable course.
Great course. Starts from the basics and builds upon it to offer a very engaging, enriching and satisfying experience.
This course has excellent and interesting content, is reasonably rigorous, and will help you to generate useful ideas.
Amazing level of detail. amazing website examples. amazing real life examples. amazing interviews with top gamifiers.
Very insightful course, that can be useful in various environments: business, HR, strategy, marketing, everything :)
Excellent. It gave me lots to think about and definatelly a big background to work on using gamification techniques.
This course was really fun and challenging at the same time but I learnt a lot and enjoyed my experience thoroughly.
The course is very effective, includes appropriate study materials (videos, documents) and many real-life examples.
Very good for the topic. Prof is interesting and very knowledgeable in the subject. Keeps it light and interesting.
An excellent course, which exceeded my expectations. My dedication to the weekends, without a doubt, was worth it!
Fantastic course! I learned so much. I also loved the real-life examples to illustrate the topic. I recommend it!
Relevant and easy to understand. The topics are applicable to marketing, product design and business development!
Excellent Course. The tutor is amazing. If you are interested in Gamification then its the right thing for you..!
Great content, outstanding delivery. A few years later the knowledge gained is still very useful in my business!
best course about gamification every part of it really great and it really changed my toughs about gamification.
It's an excellent course for those who are looking for a well-structured and comprehensive intro into the field.
Amazing content, very well explained, in  a clear way and data-driven showing actual data and real applications.
I like this course and decide to give 5 stars before ending the course. Because i learn many things that i need.
Short levels, simple language but full with information, clear meaning and graphs. Simply, an excellent course!!
A well-structured, well-balanced course combined with real-world examples that enhance the learning experience.
I really liked the theme.
I've been fond of video games since I was a kid.
The teacher has very good didactics.
This was great and rebuilt some of my faith in Coursera. The knowledge is sound, well researched and grounded.
The professor is awesome. I love video games and this course is beyond interesting. Gamification is amazing.
Everything was great about this course. The teacher, the assignments, and mostly the inspiration.Thank You!
This course has enlightened me so much about political, economical and psychological term of IT deployment
This course is excellent! It will be very useful for develop my futures projects. Thank you!! Best wishes!
I was not able to finish the course but some videos were helpful in terms of explaining this new concept.
A really well designed course, with online and massive audiences built fundamentally into the experience.
Great curse and great teacher. I wish I had written notes to go over when i need to pause the learning.
One of the best courses I have done.This course also distinguishes me in a pool of people in selection.
The instructor from Wharton provides clear understanding of the topic with enthusiasm and great skills.
At times a lot of information to take in but it's all very interesting and thought provoking material!
Very exhaustive. Go deeply into the concept description and includes a part of behavior analysis etc.
Loved it, thank yoU! Maybe a few more examples on gamification for social good would have been great!
I've loved this course and it's helping me a lot in my job (I work in the communication/event field)
very important course, everyone should take this course to make the world more productive and fun...
Excellent! Well detailed, precise, clear. With no doubts a great teacher!!!+5 Teaching and inspiring
Very thorough and informative course - conveying a great depth of knowledge in this exciting field.
I really enjoyed the course. Thank you.I am looking forward to taking other courses with Coursera.
So long, yet so exciting course. I've been trying to complete it during a year. And yes, I did it.
One of the best courses in Gamification up to date. A must do for every Gamification Consultant!
This is a very good course to learn about gamification and to start thinking as a game designer.
Very useful. Concepts are very clear and lucidly explained. Loved the flow of the entire course.
This is a wonderful course! It gave me an opportunity to gamify everything for the Greater Good.
Excellent contents, great teaching, useful tips. In other words, I highly recomend this course.
As William Shakspeare said: "All the world's a stage, And all the men and women merely players"
Very interesting course with incredible content. Thank you very much, Professor Kevin Werbach.
Easy to follow, good thorough explanations. Felt like a game in itself, trying to complete :)
I liked the course, but sometimes video lectures seem outdated as they were shooted in 2011.
I learnt a lot from this course which was something of my interests and related to my field.
The knowledge I have learnt from this course is great inspiration to change my entire life .
Engaging, interesting and Kevin does an excellent job in keeping the course fresh and alive.
A very interesting and informative class about gamification. I highly recommend the course.
Useful content for individuals like myself looking to explore work in game-based education.
satisfied with the teacher and the course，get to know sth abt gamification，it's meaningful！
great course easy to understand and really helps you build a knowledge base in gamification
Relevant information, easy to understand and important resource to motivate people !Thanks
The course is great one! helped me a lot as I am working on a project with Gamifiication.
Great course!  Really enjoyed learning how the gaming process works to change behaviors.
This course is great to understand how a game like design can change deeply the outcome.
Nice course that will guide you to the basics of game theory and gamification mechanics
Every useful course can be apply in real life problems, great example and storytelling
I really enjoyed this course, although it wasn't very easy to pass some of the quizes.
Enjoyable but also somewhat challenging course. Instructor's lectures are excellent.
great and practical, oriented to real life problem solving for business application
amazing content and displaying, Dr can arrive the information in very simple way :)
I like the content with the lot of examples, the interviews and especially the task
Awesome, love it, so many great insights for my next marketing strategy. Thank you
Really enjoyed the course. Well worth the time and effort spent. Highly recommend.
Very good and also great moderation of the forums.  Always somebody to help us!!!
Good course) I had read many interesting esseys about gamification in practice) y
I learned a lot and had the keys in hand to directly use it at work. Thank you !
Nicely structured, motivating course that was fun, albeit challenging to finish
Just awesome. One of the best, if not THE best, courses I've taken on Coursera!
Excellent! Congratulations to Professor Werbach for his great job as a teacher!
Wonderfully designed course to clear the basics of the concept... Gamification!
Very interesting course, well presented with outstanding material and content.
Nice material, perfect structure and the best english for non-native speacker!
Excellent course! Exciting and very well presented by Professor Kevin Werbach.
Great for anyone looking to learn the basics of gamification (terms & theory)
Great instructor and easily digestible material, this is a pretty fun course.
I really enjoyed the course. Thanks some much to Prof. Werbach and the team.
The course was very experiential with written projects that induce thinking.
One of the best introductory courses on Gamification I have come across!!!!
Great course with great teacher. Tons of examples, interesting assessments.
It was informative, and the structure in which it is designed... well done.
Great speaker. Very well progression, content great organised and selected.
Excellent in depth coverage, along with challenging assignments and exams!
It's powerful course with new content .I want to thank from prof. wer bach
The course was great! I am applying every topic of that course in my work.
A must do course for people getting introduced to the idea of gamification
I really enjoyed this course! Learned a lot! Thanks a lot Professor Kevin!
Good course. Easy to understand videos and nicely structured assignments.
Detailed comprehensive and very beneficial program for every professional
Deep, fun, mind-broadening. One of the best courses I've take in my life.
Really interesting and useful to understand the basic of Gamification...
Great stuff, great professor, great examples - the future of marketing.
Like it and make us think how to intergate technology on life carfully.
Thanks A Lot to Prof. Kevin Werbach...i hope we can meet in other time
a big wow! What a futuristic approach towards evolving life scenarios.
Amazing, it's my second time and you have no idea how useful this is!!
I am loving it! I think it is a very good introduction to the subject.
Interesting videos and challanging assignments. I like it very much!:)
This was a very well designed and informative course on gamification!
The content and teaching methodology used in this course is excelent.
Very structured, insightful and useful. Amazing introductary course.
Thanks for your work and contribution. Knowledge expands as shared.
The principles delivered are not only relevant, they're applicable.
Learnt a lot from all the lectures and interviews. Thanks Dr Kevin
Excellent course. Explain the most important of the gamification.
excellent course with good examples, quizzes and written options.
Awesome I loved the course and learn more about the gamification
The content looks impressive and teaching style is captivating.!
I learnt a lot from this course. I would highly recommend this!
Inspiring and meaningful for all aspects of life, thank you :-)
Thanks for offering this course on a emerging management topic!
Fantastic! Very well structured. A lot of ideas and takeaways.
A very good course. Thanks for the in depth study of the issue
It was a great experience. So far the best course in Coursera.
Really good work from all the people involved in this course.
I am just at the beginning, and I can see where it is going.
Excelent course, I loved it, very useful to me as a teacher.
A very good course, very well driven. Thanks for everything.
Very interesting course, well structured and comprehensive.
Great! We're in week 3 and I'm learning and enjoying a lot.
Very intersting to contact the concept to real world things
A really good background to start a gamification thinking!
Excellent. Lots of material and examples. Congratulations.
An Excellently balanced view of Gamification. Thanks Prof!
Turn needs to wants. Nothing better because life is short.
High caliber learning. Rich, important topic. Thank you!
I loved this course and it was very useful for my career
Excellent course. Thorough, well-paced, and informative.
Great course, excellent videos.  Thank you Prof Werbach!
Quite engaging, lots of great information and technical.
I really enjoyed this course and how well it was done.
This course is spectacular and the teacher is amazing!
Kevin Werbach is awesome, highly recommend this course
Great course that is very informative and interesting!
Excellent course on a new field. Lots of good ideas!!
very well explained, good examples and very relevant.
Highly original course, inspiring and well delivered.
It was an awesome course. Learned a lot. I loved it.
Excellent intro to gamification. Highly recommended!
Opened a completely new frontier, skills of future..
Just joining the chorus that this course is awesome!
Really enjoy the topic and professor Werbach humor.
Great course. Very well structured and well taught.
Great Prof, engaging material, highly interesting!!
Great course! learning and fun at the same time...
Practical and scientific approach to Gamification.
Very structured, very progressive. Easy to follow.
The best course on Gamification. Look no further.
It utterly help me a lot in the Trainning Session
Gained useful insights to deploy gamification in
Amazingly design course, such a great professor.
Great course, very informative and well deisgned
Excellent teacher and course!! Congratulations!!
An absolutely amazing course and the instructor
Very Good course! Great examples and practices!
tnx for this coursebest & full refrence for me
I really love this MOOC! Its was really useful
Excellent fusion of psychology and management.
Very good overview of theories and techniques.
A lot of useful informations, well structured.
It's really interesting and structured great!
thanks alot very nice and interesting course
Great course, Great Structure, Great Example
It was simple and has a lot of information.
Really loved it! Only think it is too long
Well structured and good quality content.
Excellent course on Game Design Thinking!
Simply awesome... can't wait to go on....
Great course to understand gamification.
One word to say: this course is great !
Excelent course. Outstanding professor!
Very well organized and helpful course
Good and really useful for the future.
great class; very interesting subject
Learning gamification was so much fun
very interesting, useful and... fun!
A well presented interesting course.
Very interesting and useful course!
Easy to follow and well structured.
Not an easy course, but enjoyable.
Great learnings and great teacher.
Give new perspective for business
Awesome! Thanks to Prof. Kevin W.
Great course for a great concept!
Awesome course. Memory refresher.
very complete and useful course!
Very enjoyable and learned a lot
Great overview on gamifications.
This course is very usefull!!!!
Excelent. Game is gamification.
Great knowledge and challenging
This is one of the best course.
Very resourceful and insightful
great course! Learned so much.
Awesome course! And very fun!
very practical and structured
I learnt a loot. very usefull
Fund and Practical knowledge
Very good,congratulations!!!
FUNdamentally  Outstanding !
Thank You for teaching us :)
It`s just an awesome course!
Best source I have ever got
The course was very useful
This course is fantastic!
really great! opens mind!
Stimulate the novel idea.
Extremely useful in work!
this course was amazing
awesome, really usefull
it is cool and useful.
best cours I ever had
Best course to begin.
I loved this course!
Perfect and so clear
Brilliant coursework
Great course, thanks
that was new for me
AMAIZING COURSE
Awesome stuff!
It's future!
Very nive.
