Extremely boring, couldn't get through the first 10 minutes of "What is myth?" Needs more concrete information and not vague extrapolation on how ~*~cool~*~ myths are.
i was unable to complete this course do to the fact that the professor was mind numbingly painful to listen to. the lectures are to long, and there is nothing that makes the subject more interesting or fun to learn. i'm better off doing research on my own.
The content was good but the professor wasn't that pretty good concerning teaching. The course went on at a slow pace though.
The course started out really interesting and I felt like I was learning a lot. However, by the middle to end, the quality of the lectures started degrading-- I felt like the professor was talking in circles and at times I was unable to figure out what he was trying to say. Summarizing and taking notes became a lot harder. I'm not sure how much of this was due to the terrible quality of the transcript. There are literally parts that are annotated as [UNKNOWN] or [SOUND] mid-sentence. There is also a lot of grammatical error. Although much of the readings were not compulsory, there are test questions about the myth that you would only know from the reading and not from what's learned in the lecture. In this case, it would probably be better to just mark them as necessary so that everyone is on the same page.
I wish I could give this more stars, but considering all aspects of the course, 2 stars is fair.  It started out great, but I grew bored after 3 sections (each containing 10 lectures, each about 1/2 hour long).  The instructor is great, the material is interesting but lacks few visual aids or interactive aspects that could heighten enjoyment and aid retention of the material.  The test at the end of each section is very difficult much of it focuses on the minutia of the lectures, rather than major issues.  In some cases, I couldn't even find the answers amid the text of the lectures that I had printed out.
the content is very good and detailed but it is very hard to focus. the tone of the professor is monotonous and you easily lose track of what he is saying.
The content is interesting but transcripts really need improving. It's very hard to follow because  punctuation and spelling are often wrong.
Much was good, so let me move to suggestions and critiques.  The instructor/lecturer makes a lot of grammar errors, mostly related to pronominal objects of prepositions.  It's distracting.  He also constantly characterizes the material under discussion as "awful, nasty, horrible," and so forth.  I find it both a cop-out and offensive!  What are the materials aiming to communicate?  What is the instructor wanting to show us, beyond "horrible and nasty"?  The somewhat superficial technique of asking us to consider ourselves as ancient Greeks and Romans fails utterly, since without a fair degree of learning that is not provided here and not possible, we are manifestly NOT ancients; it's misleading to imply we easily can be.  Thank you.
The only thing that I can TRULY remember from this course is the instructor saying ,,,huh,huh,huh,...
Very interesting topicThe way it is taught is not very good. Script full of errors and lack of support throughout the lessons
This course is well made, however, the stories of Greek myths are not clearly mentioned which makes it difficult for beginners. this course was more focused on the poets of ancient Greece and Rome and of other philosophers which was unexpected and not mentioned in the course description.  Professor Struck was engaging but diverted from the main topic quite often.  The videos were appealing and the quiz at the end of each week was well constructed and challenging. Thank you!
The way peter talks is very boring. Also i thought i would learn alot about the greek and roman gods. Not about some weird filosifers.
The information offered is really interesting, but the most of the videos did not have the option of spanish subtitles.
Tests were unfairly complex and no effort was made to use visuals to any extent. Turgid
Not too clear.
This course was excellent and I am very grateful to Professor Struck for his interesting views and explanations about the different texts. He gave me a strong motivation to pursue my reading and studies. There is however a point which did not give satisfaction: as I am not a native speaker of English, I had to have constantly recourse to the transcriptions and they are appalling, at times incomprehensible. This detracted from the full enjoyment of an otherwise excellent course. I very much look forward to other courses from Professor Struck. Thank you very much for giving me this great opportunity to learn.
The transcrips are not edited.  THe content is very interesting and well presented.  I would have liked even more accompaning visual examples.
Was incredibly well done, engaging, and interesting. But, I recommend buying a text book, I did this course without one and not all the answer questions were covered in the lectures.
Overall an excellent and informative course.  One or two confusions in the narrative of the lecture but nothing major.  Thank you very much.Sandy Robertson
The course was absolutely fantastic.  I apologize for giving it 4 stars; I feel that, to get that high a score, the course would need to have been constructing critical arguments rather than just observing those of others.  HOWEVER, I definitely improved the basis of my knowledge of mythology, which was my goal.  Professor Struck's presentation of the information was wonderful; he communicated a palpable enthusiasm in his subject, and had this wonderful habit of hilarious understatement: "The most powerful piece of this episode is that Odysseus's men get turned into pigs. Now that's...terrible."  I consistently laughed at these understated descriptions, and appreciated the contextual explanations that Professor Struck gave.  I would definitely take additional in-depth courses by Struck if they were to be offered in the future!
Great start of an entry level course. This is for noobies whom want to have general preview of the Ancient Greek and Roman mythologies. It covers a vast amount of Gods, Goddesses, creatures and legendary moral beings. I had hope it would give a deeper dive into the study of Ovid and Aeneid. However, it would probably lengthen the course into a Part 2 type of structure. I do hope more classes are offered to have a detailed review on the classics. I did study Homer back in College and we spent a semester each on Iliad and Odyssey. I felt there was not enough time to be spent on most of the books, however given the nature of the course and the depth for an introductory, it is understandable.A great companion piece on Amazon can be found - GREAT GREEK MYTHS. It is a two season long 25 min episodes on the same subjects.
I would have liked more interactive and different forms of learning as opposed to just video and the end of week quizzes - or at least more resources referenced however I thoroughly enjoyed this course and Struck did a wonderful job at engaging us in the classics for both beginners and those more versed in myth. I would recommend some prior knowledge if going into this course, however, I fully believe that you can perform just as well even with no previous experience. These past 10 weeks have been enjoyable and engaging. I also really appreciated the captions and transcript (albeit it wasn't always accurate) as someone with hearing processing issues. Thank you, Professor!
It was an excellent course - the only thing that made me give it 4 stars instead of 5 was that the course said there was no required readings, yet the quizzes referred to things that were NOT in the lectures, so must have been in the "suggested" readings. If you're not going to require particular texts/readings (and not provide the whole text either), then those questions should NOT be in the quizzes either! Otherwise, it was a delightful course and really interesting and informative to take!
The course tried to cover so much material in so little time that the professor did a masterful job ,planting the seeds of curiosity and opening up a glorious world full of Myth, enchantment and rich literature.The only important comment I have to make was that he missed for several decades the opening of the Coliseum  ( about 80 AD) when he said that Ovid had lived during that era  ( Ovid died in 17 or 18 AD), he even had a picture of the Coliseum in the background to illustrate.
I have been interested in Greek and Roman Mythology, but was only familiar with the intriguing stories and never realized that we could actually integrate different tools of analysis into our reading. The beginning lectures were easy as they start from well-known stories. As we continue, however, we should be very careful since we have to know different poets, some of whom are not so familiar. Anyway, this is the first course I select. I finished and benefited a lot.
It's not perfect, but I still took a ton of notes just because some of the material is so interesting. I wanted to learn about Mythology and definitely have a much better understanding of it and I loved the stories as well. While I think some lectures are a little longer and irrelevant than they need to be, Professor Struck does a great job overall and I'm definitely thankful he put all the time and effort in to make this informative and entertaining course.
The course is interesting, but Professor rhitoric skills are not good. He stumbles over his words, repeats his words, and doesn't have a structure of lessons, jumping from thought to thought. It's difficult to listen to him. Nevertheless, I like Professor's enthusiasm and I like Greek and Roman Mythology. Professor makes me look at the myths from a different point of view. It's amazing! I hope I will finish this course, which I took for my pleasure.
This course is a wonderful introduction to greek and roman mythology. I was always interested in knowing more about it, but didn't know where to start. The suggested reads in the course are a good starting point. I learnt a lot and got lots of pointers to read more. And most of the course was really fun.One suggestion I have though is to reduce the number of lectures, and make the content a bit more succinct.
I highly recommend this course! The course is great even for beginners who have no basics about this field. I really enjoyed the first few weeks the most as Peter Struck's retelling of Odyssey was so good, it actually got me on the edge of my seat. He is also great is analysing the philosophy of mythology so you understand why myths are the way they are so you that you can appreciate them better.
Interesting course. However, I don't believe it covers everything that needed to be  taught. You can easily read the Iliad and other ancient Greek books, but you don't need to be quizzed on it. It would make more sense if this course was about votive offerings and  polytheistic worship. Much like a world religions course! If it covered Olympianism and its practices it would've made more sense
Excellent course. The professor is a Master in the theme. He is also very communicative and funny! The problem is that the course is like a class, and online course should include more media resources available in order to be more "interactive". I confess that I already taken the first week. So, I hope that it will change.Thank you for letting me take this course, I am learning a lot!
Enjoyed the course thoroughly. Got to know about many new things and also learnt about how to see mythology from theories point of view.  Many thanks to Peter Struk for designing an informative, engaging course. I would be interested if you have any further course just on 'Mythologies and various theories'. Many thanks to the University of Pennsylvania.
It requires some more time then other courses on the website. And it sometimes it's hard to follow the teacher on all videos (they are longish). But I like the subject a lot and it is nice to have it explained by someone who has a deep understanding of it. If you think the videos are too long, try increasing the playback speed. It worked for me!
Nice course, just needs more video-included notes because we don't always watch the lectures online so that we can't always see the subtitles. And even if the changing questions when we retake the test are great cause they make us be more focused during the lecture, they were sometimes "too much".Really enjoyed this course, thank you.
I really enjoyed the course. It assumed that I knew more about mythology than I did. Dr. Struck talks fast, but the notes are always available. He is very knowledgeable. I did not like that the quizzes have a lot of double negatives. That gets confusing.  Overall, I learned so much and really enjoyed the course.
A very good effort from Prof Struck, many thanks for thatI felt that the amount of material discussed is huge to the space provided by the coarse that is true to many of us who do not have prior knowledge to the topic. Nerveless the time and the effort put into this rather long course is much appreciated
Overall, really interesting.  As this was my first online course I found it  frustrating not to be able to interact with the Prof .  Quiz questions answers are sometimes debatable.  And one has to be careful when selecting the answer on the Quiz that the blue dot actually stays on the selected answer.
Quite interesting course, learned a lot about the motivations of the Greek and Roman poets, and their relations to myths. For example, before this course I did not realize that myths tells us a lot about the beliefs are values of the Greeks and Romans. Thanks for the opportunity to follow this course!
I really enjoyed how flexible this course was and how you were also able to voice your own opinions and read others. I would fully recommend this to a friend as it has certainly widened my knowledge on history and even a bit of archaeology which will hopefully prepare me for university.
I must say I have larned a lot through the course, but the lectures could be prepared more professionally. Anyhow I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in mythology. It is really fun and learningfull when you read the books in parallel to classes.
The lectures were interesting and well-presented.  Some of the questions in the quizzes assumed that the students had read material that was not required reading which was frustrating.  That said, I learned a lot and will be be reading more about mythology.
I am a learner from China. Maybe it's problem of subtitle, I think some course (like 10.8 The Fall of Troy and the Founding of Rome) main point is not very clear. It seems Professor Struck talked everyone but only few information about them.
I think its the best course to have an overview about Greek and Roman mythology, to know about important authors/ writers/ contributors & their famous characters around those mythic stories. Carefully designed to serve the purpose!
Really enjoyed it.  4 stars only because it wasn't perfect but I would recommend to anyone and everyone.  Especially the part about the Aeneid.  Very relevant for today.Wish there was a course on just the Aeneid.
Thanks to the professor Peter Struck for the interesting course of greek and roman mythology that I enjoyed very much.I truly recomend the course to everyone.Best regards from Spain Carlo
this course provided me with a summary of all the events. As a first-timer into Greek and Roman myths, it helped me a lot and gave me an idea of where to start and continue studying it.
The videos are interesting, but they are rather long each one comparing to other courses. Maybe the teacher can separate those long videos into short ones.
I enjoyed this course very much, and I really liked the lecture topics. Would recommend to anyone who is interested in reading Greek and Roman classics.
interesting class.  I like it that the instructor tells the stories of what is going on in the myths.  Sometimes old writings can be hard to understand.
Professor Struck really knows how to keep an audiance focused. This makes this course a pleasant experience in learning all about myths
Excellent course, lots of information, but some of the slides could be better organized. I could not always see them behind Dr. Struck.
Enjoyed reading the material and most of the lectures. Particularly the Odyssey and Oresteia - good introductions to these works.
I really liked the course information, but I think the teacher was nervous because he was always re-thinking what he said
Interesting and inspiring. Good for people doing writing or literature related work. Also fun for leisure reading.
Very interesting, principal in the origins of the gods because i really have a idea how is the origins
i think the course material is well organized and the professor did a great job to make it interesting
Very good and informational, working at your own pace though within slight time limits.
Very comprehensive and interesting. Recommended for anyone who enjoys myth and stories.
A very good introduction in mythology with a teacher that shows great enthusiasm!
interesting； an insight，and probably good explanation of ancient stories。
Too many books to read, however the lecturer could have been better.
A very enjoyable mixture of deep understanding and entertainment!
The best was the "Universal laws" of the teatcher Peter Struck.
Great class, thanks a lot for all your work and explanations !
Great summary and perspectives on Greek and Roman myths.
Very interest and thought provoking.
Excellent to introduce the issue.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Greek and Roman Mythology has always been something I was interested in and this class introduced many new ways I could actually look at these myths.
This is an excellent course with an excellent instructor.  The course uses primary sources in translation and teaches the student different ways of analyzing and interpreting myths.
This course is exceptional. in large part because Professor Struck  is thoroughly skilled, knowledgeable and enthusiastic in his lectures. From the first lecture, and consistently throughout the course, he imbues the material with both contemporary relevance and historical connections. He makes the student a part of the conversation, and always ties together concepts that in less skilled hands might seem disparate.  He lends his own intellectual brand of assocations to certain of the more complex ideas, thus rendering them accessible to learners who are new to the literature, history, "litcrit" and psychology of myth. Perhaps most important, Professor Struck's love of his subject(s) is infectious; though he does not appear to teach another Coursera course, I am sufficiently interested now, to take the other offering Greek history on Coursera. However, I wish that he were teaching a continuation of the class. As he said in the final lecture, we but skimmed the surface. It would be awesome if he could lead a more in-depth journey into the creations of these poets and their peers. I also appreciate the fact that Professor Struck recommended excellent editions of the texts. There are so many from which to choose; it was a gift to have his recommendation. I highly recommend this class. You will learn about myth - and you will learn about learning.
Love the class.  Professor Struck provide the necessary back-drop and necessary tools to properly enjoy classical myth.  Name changes from Greek vs Roman myth was made clear by Professor Struck.  And because of this clarification, contrast in myth can be realized, except for Ovid.
Excellent. This course is extremely well presented and very interesting. I learned a lot about Greek and Roman mythology.  I wish Professor Struck would offer a follow up!
Wow! Peter Struck has a strong passion for Mythology that comes through in his lectures. I really enjoyed reading the Odyssey with the class and gaining a deeper understanding of it's meanings and purpose. It was great to learn not only about ancient myths, but their roles in ancient societies and the different lenses to look at them with today.If I could change one thing about this course, I would rename it Greek Mythology. It is an overstatement to say that this course is on Greek AND Roman Mythology when only two of the ten weeks cover Roman myth. I would have liked to spend more time with the Aeneid or Ovid's work. I decided to take this course when I got back from Italy two days before the boarder closed and entered into a seemingly unending quarantine. I have always had a moderate interest in Greek and Roman mythology and am so glad to have finally had the opportunity to begin exploring the subject. Thank you Professor Struck!
This is a great course that looks into many ancient pieces of literature from Greek and Roman times. Professor Peter Struck is a teacher who looks at many details normally missed by others. As a thirteen year-old who loves ancient cultures and civilizations, I must say that I was not bored, and that Professor Struck had a way of capturing my attention. The pictures, lectures, and discussions are devised to help the student gain a better understanding of the subject. The stories we looked at, such as the Odyssey, Greek Tragedies, and Ovid's Metamorphosis, were hard but exciting. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to look into Greek and/or Roman literature, culture, and even some history.
Prof.Struck's lively presentation manner sustained my interest in Greek Mythology (initially considered as irrelevant to me knowledge) until the end of the course. Myth analysis tools helped me establish a number of connections between ideas of the past and those of the present day. In addition, I've gained new insights into the phenomenon of words/speech. As a consequence, a short poem sprang to mind:Theatre of the AbsurdI've noticed Speaker thy one wordSo many meanings can begirdBut have you noticed from the startMislabelled noumena tear lives apart(From Trojan city to Dido's heart).
This course was inspiring and a sheer delight to take part in. It is well written and structured, the reading is fun, the lectures are engaging and the end of week tests and assignments are just as interesting as the lessons leading to them. The Discussion Forums are a brilliant place to share your views on the material covered. Professor Struck is an inspiration and I look forward to learning more about Ancient Myth in the future.TLDR: If i could give this course 6 stars, I would ;)
Professor Struck was absolutely wonderful and the ideal guide for this course. Loved all the lessons, throughout the weeks and all the added tidbits and info that he was able to throw in to make the course all the more worth while. Highly recommend to those interested in mythology.
This class was amazing and Peter Struck was a great instructor.  My only request is that readings for each section be put clearly at the beginning of the section instead of the end of the discussion question, so that they can be read before going through that week's videos.
Annotated reading of the classic mythology texts such as Odysseus, Hesiod's Theogony, Homeric hymns, Virgil. Well presented. Professor Struck clearly knows his material and presents both the specific texts, and general frameworks to analyze them.
Thoroughly enjoyable and instructive introduction to a different world and our historical and present interpretation of its meanings and mysteries. Would recommend to a friend or family member.
It is a great source of information. New ways to understand mythology trough various tools. How to analyse myths according to Ancient and modern eyes. A new understanding was born in my mind.
Fantastic introductory course. Peter Struck's presentations are illuminating and accessible, sending you back to the text to explore in detail. Thank you - really enjoyable!
I loved everything about this course. I was mesmerized for ten weeks, taking notes, wandering at the marvels of these ancient texts. I'm very thankful to professor Struck for his approach to the material and the thorough analysis of each piece, plus his evident love and excitement over telling these stories and digging into them. His take allowed me to delve so much deeper and get a grasp of things I may have been unable to get without that extra bit of help. I've come out of the course inspired, with many ideas for stories based on Greek and Roman myths, and in awe of the wondrous heritage of Western literature. I've also turned into the person who sees renditions of myths everywhere while reading every take I can get my hands on, whether it's ancient or contemporary. Thank you for this rich introduction that has already turned into a key part of my own journey as a storyteller, visit to the underworld and all.
This course explores mythology from several perspectives. At least four come to mind: literature, history, culture, and psychology. The lectures are enriched by online references to original source material as well as lively online forums where responsive mentors and other students explore questions of interest to participants. Prof. Struck of University of Pennsylvania clearly knows his subject well. He also brings his enthusiasm and his sense of excitement about ancient myths which make the lectures come alive. I have listened to recorded lecture series on mythology in the past as well as read several books on the subject, but I found this to be by far the most enjoyable. After taking this course you will have the analytical tools you need to evaluate, appreciate, and understand on many levels the myths of the past and perhaps of the present.
This course has given me a very approachable overview of a wide range of knowledge on Greek and Roman mythology. I have very much enjoyed hearing insights into all that we have studied, especially The Odyssey which remains a favourite reading; but now I have been led to see all sorts of subtleties in it which enriches each re-reading of it or parts of it.I enjoyed everything else, I liked the use of paintings, and found the mapping out of key words and phrases very helpful too. Peter Struck's  very approachable delivery struck just the right note of lightheartedness and seriousness.This course has led me to read works I would never have read - and I'm so glad I have been encouraged to do so - so, a very big Thank You for all your hard work and enthusiasm for all this wonderful material!I am now keen to learn much more about the Iliad!
I am an elementary teacher, at home during Covid.  I loved this course, and instructor.  My favorite readings were The Oddyssey, Book 3 of Metomorphosis, and Oedipus.  My husband [engineer] also got interested, and we have been reading aloud together from The Oddyssey.  My brother-in-law [elementary school principla] also decide to read The Odyssey, and he loves it!  Neither my husband nor I have ever read anything like these writings, and the lectures gave the needed insights and explanations.The text interpretations of the lectures could be better.  Sometimes when it said "undecipherable" I could clearly hear the word.  Other times, it didn't feel necessary to write every example of "uh" and "UM" .  I suspect the transcripts are done by machine.  Better than nothing!
I can't believe the course is over! I'm kinda sad actually? Because I'm really gonna miss it! Prime work, EXCELLENT professor (and I truly mean it!), the approached themes and discussions are marvelously interesting (and explained so effortlessly by the professor, he really makes himself easily understood, terrific teaching technique), I've always loved greek mythology and all theses classes shed so many different lights and debates and great topics on it! My most sincere thanks and congratulations to all involved in this fantastic class! I'm gonna definetely take all this knowledge to life, and what I thought it would be impossible just happened, I'm even more passionate about ancient history and myths! I really appreciate all efforts put on this, many many thanks!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. The lectures were interesting, well-delivered, and the course materials offered a broad sampling of Greek and Roman mythology as well as various lens through which to interpret them. I would definitely recommend this course to others. I found myself taking trips to the library to find the recommended texts, watching theatrical performances of Oedipus online while reading the text, listening to an audio recording by Ian McKellen of the Odyssey (Fitzgerald translation) at bedtime, and finding all sorts of connections between the ancient myths and modern life. All in all, this was an excellent and very enjoyable course! Thank you to Peter Struck and all who helped offer this course in the Coursera open courseware format.
What a fantastically clear and totally absorbing course presented by Peter Struck.  Complex stories analysed and broken down into easily digestible lectures so that difficult to understand concepts are well understood.  Nice use of language and subject matter presented in a thought provoking way.  Great explanations on the rationale and use of powerful toolbox of analytical tools to help us to understand the core direction, nuances and subtleties of the work  that is being analysed. Many thanks to Peter and his supporting team on the creation of such an informative, seemlessly delivered and hugely enjoyable and educational course. I am very grateful to you Peter Stuck and again many thanks to you.
I am new to these courses and took up three, of which this was one, at the end of last year.  I completed all three of them, and can definitely say that this course was the most enjoyable of the three: although the lecturer was speaking to the already converted in that I was already interested in his subject matter, I felt the whole course was so well delivered: it was very methodically organised, the content, as split between the language, the storyline, the historical context, literary techniques and analysis, was good, and the lecturer himself made the whole subject so enjoyable by his easy and natural manner, and by his knowing his subject well and rarely referring to notes.  THANK YOU!
That is such a wonderful course. I loved that the material was so in-depth, and the quizes! really testing the thoroughness of your knowledge. Sadly, I didn't have the time to complete the written assignments, but I think that the questions were very well posed. I am not a native English speaker (I'm Russian), and there are some issues even with the best (Soviet Union) translations of the Odyssey. I'd previously bought the Fagles translation, and this course allowed me to explore it in a much more efficient way; it has added a lot to my understanding of the epic. Great many thanks to all the compilers of the course and the lecturer! Keep up the good work)
I am a retired educator in art history. I took the course for something to do at the outset of the COVID-19 lockdown. I had some passing knowledge of mythology, and this course filled in many gaps in that knowledge. I was especially pleased with the structure of the course, and enjoyed the aspect of considering mythology through a variety of analytic lenses. 
 I admire Professor Struck's natural and relaxed demeanor in front of the camera. My only complaint is one that many other learners have mentioned: the quality of the transcripts ranges from mediocre to appalling. A good proofreader would make reading through them much easier and more sensible.
Dear Dr. Peter Struck and Team,You guys can be proud of yourselves. This course was very informative, easy to follow and a whole lot of FUN! This was the perfect introduction into Mythology. You've handed me the perfect tools to not only dissect stories of Mythology, but you've introduced me to a culture and history that was until now unbeknownst to me. As a history student - mainly modern history - I would like to thank you form the bottom of my heart. And Peter, I have really enjoyed you lectures. Your knowledge and passion for this subject was very captivating. I thoroughly enjoyed it, thank you!
This course was intellectual adventure, an "odyssey" touching on some of the classic myths of our culture. Reading Homer's epics, some important Greek plays, and the Aenead and tasting the tales of Ovid--these encounters will stay with me both for their meaning and their literary quality. Professor Struck's analytical "tools" were helpful in thinking about the many ways of learning how myths offer a unique insights into our culture and our many conflicting values. I would recommend the course to anyone interested in understanding more about the normative foundation of our world.
This was an excellent course.  It gave a full picture of the world of Greek mythology and how that lead on to the mythology of Rome.  The different ways and emphases used by various poets handling the world of men and gods was fascinating.  Reading the texts was challenging and maybe the course was a bit too long.  But we (my daughter and I both took this course) enjoyed it and would certainly recommend it.  The lecturer was excellent and showed a great love for the subject with the occasional unexpected injections of humour.  Believe me, this is the truth and not a myth.
Wonderful! If you've been meaning to read more of the Greek and Roman classics (Homer, Hesiod, Aeschylus, Virgil, Ovid, etc), this is a great way to do it. Dr. Struck not only helps you understand the texts themselves-- their themes, literary devices, and use of language-- but also uses them to look at several contrasting interpretations of myth and its role in human society. The lectures were lively and informative, the discussion questions were engaging, and the result is that I'm sure I'll be thinking about the ideas I learned in this course for years to come.
Professor Stuck is outstanding.  The course is very well structured to provide a great easing in point for ancient mythology, which helps allay the fear that can come from undertaking such a daunting challenge as trying to understand the lessons and stories from texts that are thousands of years old.  Once you've got your toes in the water, Professor Struck quickly gets you up to speed so that by the end of the course, you've learned to recognize  a lot of the subtleties that flew right over your head at the beginning.  Cannot recommend highly enough!
Loved it. I took this course because I wanted to know more about these particular myths, since they have always caught my attention. Since I can recall, I have always loved them. This course made see them in a way I would not, even if I read the same Tragedies, Epic poems and plays that I read during this course. Fantastic course to do. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes or has some kind of curiosity about these myths. Cheers! Best of luck to everyone out there! And congratulation to all the Penn team and professor struck. My respects to you.
This course was amazing. As someone who was a complete beginner to the Classics and is only doing this out of curiosity and a passion for Greek Myth I found myself completely enveloped in the world of Ancient Greece. Highly recommend not just reading the texts, but looking up audiobook or play versions on YouTube. I did full readings of all the plays and poems, and then some. Huge thanks to Professor Peter Struck, who smiles while he teaches - he has a genuine passion for his subject, and is a great teacher. Loved this course.
This was a fun and enjoyable course to take! It was nostalgic to read some old favorites like the Odyssey and learning more in-depth theories and readings about what occurs in Greek and Roman mythology. I appreciated how the videos were broken up - there was never too much information in video and they were all easy to sit through and watch. The added visuals helped keep things interesting as well. Overall, I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to dive a little deeper into Greek and Roman mythology!
This course was fantastic.  In just 10 weeks of lessons I filled in huge lacunae in my classical education.  (I must've been daydreaming throughout most of my early schooling.)  Dr. Struck was so engaging and I could weave his narrative into sense that made all the stories and names and patterns make sense. My major motivation was to understand the brilliant writings of the famed Jungian, Helen Luke, who based much of her writings on classical Greek (and Shakespearean) stories. Bravo! Thanks.
This was simply a wonderful course. Professor Struck is an excellent instructor who brings a lot of insight into the subject of mythology itself, different ways that mythology is interpreted, and Greek and Roman mythology itself. His humor, easy way of teaching a complex subject, and knowledge all contributed to making this  one of my favorite online courses. Thank you, Professor Struck and your teaching staff at Penn for expanding my knowledge and insights of what it means to be human.
I grew up reading the greek myths and consuming media that has been inspired by the greek myths. This Course has enabled me to view these myths through a plethera of perspectives, and it has introduced me to a number of concepts foreign to me. The most important thing I got from this course has to be the introduction to the culture surrounding the authors of these myths and how it influenced their writing and the content of the myths. This course certainly delivered what it promised!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I was initially weary of the course beginning with 4 weeks of the Odyssey as I was familiar with this book and enrolled in the course to learn more about the non Homeric tales. However, I am glad to admit that I was wrong in this pre judgement as the pacing of the course, the content of the course and the richness of the course made for a wonderful learning experience. Well done to Prof. Peter Struck and his team for developing a marvellous course.
Totally delightful course. Professor Struck, is wonderful! I haven't been exposed to an academic course that I've enjoyed as much as I have this one. It has been about 60 years since I experienced a college level course that included the topics presented in this course. At that time, I took advantage of "Cliff Notes" to get through the wonderful writers we were assigned to study. That was my loss, this course is my gain. Thanks to Robert Struck and Coursera.
I am so sad that this course has finished. Regardless of the fact that I completed this during lockdown, it has enriched me in so many ways. Peter Struck is engaging and propels you through the materials with interest and passion. The materials pushed me and have fostered a real love of the stories and their context as well as enabling me to develop my ability to apply theories and perspectives. Amazing! Thank you, Coursera. Thank you, Peter Struck.
A suprising, engaging and thorough exploration of the topic. Prof. Struck is a gifted teacher and the course material is wonderful. I thought I was taking a class to further my knowledge of mythological stories and characters- but I learned so much more. This course is a wonderful adventure and left with me with new ideas and new questions about the stories we tell and how they shape how we live and who we think we are.
This is a fantastic course. Don't expect to get a very deep knowledge, intricate concepts or really complicated theory since this course offers only an introduction to Greek and Roman myths and some very useful tools to interpret them. The language used by Peter Struck is quite friendly, and he is able to make you feel like you're actually travelling with Odysseus, Orestes and all of the heroes of Greek and Roman Myths.
i´m very glad to have chosen this course in my ongoing learning. i studied oedipus´story in college as part of the psychoanalysis class and in the history of psychology is a very important but underrated part of learning. i want to thank peter struck for his energy throughout the whole ten sessions and hopefully he would have a bottle of water nearby to water his throat a little between videos. such a great teacher!!
A very interesting course for those who already have some previous knowledge of greek and roman mythology. I learned a lot more about the historical and social backgrounds of the myths I grew up with and studied on my own, but I also "gained new glasses" to see them from different perspectives. Thank you so much Peter, although I did not engage much on class discussions, your course made my quarantine more bearable.
I am very glad that I have completed this course successfully. The syllabus was comprehensive. The lectures were informative and analytical. I express my sincere thanks to Prof. Peter Struck  (Course Instructor) and the academic team, for making the difficult topics of Classical literature interesting to the learners. Thanks, Coursera, for offering such a wonderful course on Greek and Roman Mythology.
This was an excellent course, I'm so glad it was recommended to me! I have experience in history, but not Classics specifically. I learned so much in this course and was introduced to important, seminal works. Professor Struck not only presents the information and analysis in an accessible way, but also always keeps it interesting. This course made me want to continue delving into the Classics!
Thank you for the course. It was systematic, provided deep understanding of mythology and, particularly, deeper understanding of the current human being, identity, the roots of humanity, etc. I really enjoyed the useful and very interesting information. Moreover, the course sees mythology through the prism of a range of tools, thus, providing the explanation of the importance of its learning.
The course is presented in a quite interesting and humorous manner.  I ended up really enjoying the course and acquired a number of the reading materials for personal use after the course.  I had never thought about myths beyond simple stories, why they exist, how it might be they come about, and now am always thinking about the world I live in today and how myths play a role.  Great Course!
Great course! I enrolled knowing nothing (just the basic stories/myths you read everywhere) and I end literally Loving Greek and Roman Mythology. Unfortunately the time is short for such rich and deep topic. Professor Peter Struck was great transmitting the enthusiasm for the stories with a very understandable structure. Thank you for putting together this course, I guess it was and odyssey.
The course was great! the teacher explains his ideas in such a way that it is easy to understand them even for foreigner like me. Furthermore, the quizes and the discussions are an interesting way of assessing and comparing the knowledge that we have got. Thank you! Something I did not like tough, is that the certification is a little bit expensive for some people who do not live in the US.
Peter Struck and team do an excellent job to introduce “universal truths” and a tool box that have enhance my scholarly ability to analyze texts. Really enjoyed the delivery, and course material. It was a great introduction to various texts that I explored further using the same strategies. Thank you, and will be looking out for more courses!! I look for the myth in my everyday life now.
Anyone taking this particular course will be in for an awakening in what's real or not and how to see the difference in the story telling. A great way to show and explain life in ancient times even though stories have been told to express life as it was. A very worthwhile learning experience taught in a very relaxing atmosphere. Highly recommended for anyone with an interest or not.
listening to the myths were very interesting as well as the lessons learnt from them, which i think to a certain extent is still relevant and applicable today. it was very informative and i really enjoyed it, and i believe i have much deeper understanding of Greek and Roman myths and how they came to be, as well as have a clearer understanding of the purposes of myths.
Beatiful course !! I have enjoyed it and I hope to continue by my own or with other courses trying to understand the meaning of myths. In any case, whatever the meaning, they are exciting and entertaining stories that help us understand that few things have really changed. Congratulations to Prof. Struck and rest of the team. The course is informative and esthetic.
This course was a gateway to the ancient cultures and allowed me to have a wider vision about myths and a bigger picture of the Greek and Roman Society. I had the chance to review all the subjects I took at School and at the University but with a deeper and sharper approach. I truly enjoyed all the lessons and I highly recommend this course for all History lovers.
The professor was an absolute joy to learn from.  His humor, candor, attention to detail, review of information from previous units, and intelligence made me eager to get to my coursework every evening once the kids were in bed.  This was everything I never learned in my own Greek and Roman Mythology course in college many years ago.  Thank you!
Outstanding course. Pr. Struck gives a thorough overview of not just the "stories" but also the tools with which they can be understood and analyzed. I've found that after this course I was equipped to read -- and understand!-- some of the scholarly research into Greek mythology (eg. Vernant or Vidal-Naquet). This is a very illuminating course.
This course has fulfilled my knowledge of Greek and Roman mythology and ancient literature. It has become a great start in my journey of learning about ancient civilizations. For a history geek like me, it is one of the best ways to spend your free time. Thank all the team and lecturers, who put this course together, for their hard work!
I'm not a mythology scholar, but I really REALLY enjoyed this course. The instructor is very passionate about the content, which makes his telling much more enjoyable than usual. I learned a lot about the Greek's cultural background, and a bit more about the Roman's. It was a great choice, and I'd definitely join more courses like this.
Nice first approach to Greek and Roman mithology, I think the way the course is covered is pretty handy and easy-going. However, I would add additional online resources related to the course, apart from the books that must be read. It would make it a little bit more interactive. Anyway, it was very very interesting overall, thank you!!!
This is one of the most useful courses on mythology I've ever come across. Peter Struck is an extremely thorough lecturer, and journeying through the Odyssey and the Aenied (among others) with him is a fascinating journey - not just into Greek and Roman mythology, but literature, culture, their psychologies, and their social structures.
I loved this course.  It was both enjoyable and instructive. Professor Struck offers a unique way of teaching this course with interesting views and lively explanations. It felt like I was having coffee with a friend who had something exciting to say. Thank you Professor, I truly hope you will teach more of these courses in the future.
This is a very entertaining course. There is a lot of reading, but the readings are so enjoyable that it doesn't seem like too much. I was able to obtain the books at my local library. This course refreshed and added a great deal to my understanding of the greek and roman mythology I studied years ago in high school and at university.
It is a very interesting course for beginners like me who want to know more about Greek and Roman Mythology. It was very systematic and made me read Greek and Roman Epics. I would like to thank Prof.Peter Stuck and the University of Penn for this course and last but not the least, to Coursera for making this course available.
This course was excellent--both in content and method.  Professor Struck offered a deeply satisfying presentation of content about Greek and Roman Mythology in a context of delight and wonderment.  I can imagine this is a wildly popular course at Penn and Struck a very popular professor.  Thank you for a great experience!
I really enjoyed this course and it has, without a doubt, improved my knowledge vastly.  I found Dr Struck's lectures interesting and engaging and the ability to learn online at my own pace over the week fitted in well with working at home.  I highly recommend this course and wouldn't hesitate to embark on a further one.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and it will enrich my upcoming trip to Greece. It has more than whetted my appetite to further studies of mythology which is something I was not particularly interested in before. I enjoyed Professor Struck's lecture style which was scholarly and organised yet informal and often humorous.
This course was excellent. I enjoyed the rich detail and explanations given by Professor Struck. I also enjoyed the readings. I will definitely take any other online course he teaches. The only problem I had with the course was the inaccuracies in the course transcripts. Those could definitely be improved upon.
Excellent presentation of material that I have long wished to study.  At my stage of life,  I have no need of career-oriented learning, but enjoy learning for the sake of learning.  In the end, it won't make a difference but, then again, neither will career-oriented learning.  Intellectual development is a joy.
A great course that looks at a few myths, mainly from the Greeks but some Roman ones as well. Videos are a good length and go into great detail. Very interesting course, I recommend for anyone who likes to read myths and legends. Thank you Penn University and Peter Struck for making this very awesome course.
10/10, Professor Struck! Thoroughly enjoyed the course from start to end. Loved the choice of texts chosen to study, in particular Homer's Odyssey and Sophocles' Oedipus Rex. As an aspiring academician in the field of Classical Studies, this course certainly gave me due impetus. You have my utmost gratitude!
really enjoyed it and learnt a lot.When I was a children,I grew up reading Greek and Roman myth and had a lot of interest on it.And in this class,I read Odyssey which might seems a little bit dull for common readers,but through taking this class and reading the book same time made it so much more meaningful.
gosh learned a lot, this course is very engaging, and there is even a mooc blog and various other websites that are very helpful for the course notes that meticulously recorded what Professor said.......the website is also pretty good......reading stories to learn about Greek and Roman culture is great~
I completed this course in lockdown after always having an interest in Mythology but never seriously acting on it. I can safely say that I would recommend this course to anyone! Professor Struck truly makes each topic enjoyable and compelling, and you will likely learn something you didn't know before!
Great course,  interesting and entertained. The best element is, without doubt, the lecturer, (Prof. Peter Struck), very cheerful but rigorous at the same time, with a deep knowledge of the mythology. It is not a simple exposition of gods and heroes, but the explication of theirs meanings and behaviors
Magnificent! Recommend to anyone who wants to learn about Greek and Roman Mythology. I did enjoy the course all the way through. Peter Struck is an amazing teacher and does it in a way that is easy and fun to learn. Thank you Peter for this incredible journey to Antiquity filled with amazing stories.
Peter Struck was a brilliant and fun lecturer and I have really enjoyed delving deeper into the world of greek and roman myth, getting to know the poets who have captured essences of their cultures and eras in their writings, and learning a new way of looking at myths with different, informed eyes.
An excellent overview, not only of the mythology itself but also various approaches to and ways of thinking about myth. Prof Struck is an engaging teacher, very easy to watch and listen to. This is a tempting hors d'oeuvre, which provokes an urge to learn more - many, many thanks to the creators!
I really enjoyed this course although I'm not sure I would list it as an overview of Greek and Roman Mythology; more of overview of what various poets and scholars of the time thought of mythology. The excellent lectures did help expand how I looked at the various ways of looking at mythology.
Wow what a fun and educating course. Peter Struck rocks it out of the park, he really is a good teacher and the 10 weeks go by super quickly because it is so interesting! I am super happy I took this class. I recommend it for anyone wanting to know more about mythology!!  Thumbs up Struck!
Enjoyed every minute of this course. Peter explains things so well and I've learnt so much over the past 10 weeks, I've not always took part in the writing as this isn't my strong area but feel like I've soaked up a lot of new knowledge and I already want to learn more, so thankyou xx
I really enjoyed Prof Struck's excellent teaching of this subject area. I won't lie and say that I looked forward every day to lectures but within minutes of opening up a video - I was transfixed.  It certainly has opened up a new area of learning for me and inspired a trip to Greece.
It was a quite experience for me to learn Greek and Roman mythology. I always thought that it would be complicated and hard to understand but with the professor's telling it was like very easy to understand without getting bored. I wish that I could  attend a real class :) Thanks
I ´ve enjoyed a lot this curse, Ive learned many new things and tools to understand Myths, and greek ansd roman culture. Thanks to Peter Struck that shared his knowledge so clearly and passionate.It was very interesting to explore all the material we have seen this weeks. Thanks
Wonderful course. I learned so much about greek and roman myth and myth in general from it. The lectures were engaging and well paced. The readings were really well chosen and much richer for having listened to the lectures first. I especially loved reading the Odyssey.
Exceptionally interesting, and gives a very broad but clear understanding of the themes of Greek and Roman mythology as well as an overview of what constitutes a myth and the theories behind understanding what the function of myth is to different times and societies.
Great little course, very insightful introduction to Greek and Roman mythology. Learned a lot from the epic poems, stories and tragedies as explained by Peter Struck, whose lectures were clear and whose insightful commentaries almost came to life. I had a lot of fun!
I absolutely loved this course. I majored in Classical Civilizations and decided to take the class to further my knowledge in the field. I learned a great deal and thoroughly enjoyed the lectures. The course and materials are well organised and presented.  Thank you
This is a fabulous course, it had me enthralled the whole time. It is really good for beginners in myth, I myself had no prior technical experience with myth, other than an interest for the stories. 10/10 would recommend, you will not regret completing this course.
Peter Struck is a legend. And the course is really fun. The only problem is, it is really difficult for foreigners to understand. At least it was for me. I wish you can add more subtitles to this course because it's a great source. Thank you Struck! You're amazing!
Very interesting and well presented by the lecturer -  style was engaging and challenging without being over my head. Varied by visuals and maps which enhanced the experience. Highly recommend this course for those who only have a superficial knowledge from before.
This was an awesome course! Loved every bit of it. Never knew Greek & Roman Mythology could be so deep and insightful (and chaotic haha). Thank you very much Peter Struck for the great teaching. Would recommend this as an enrichment course to my peers and juniors!
I very much enjoyed Professor Struck's course.  His lessons were quick but packed with information.  He didn't talk down to his students with high brow knowledge but spoke on the same level as those who desired more in depth understanding of Mythology.  Thank you.
I have immensely enjoyed this course! It has left me with an appreciation of classical texts, and the desire to read more. I particularly enjoyed applying different critical perspectives to the myths, which I will take with me in my further studies. Thank you!
I enjoyed this course so much although i think it should be spit in two different courses. I guess thats because the Greek part is significantly greater than the Roman one. In any case i'm grateful and i really hope for a similar course in the near future.
Hello, It' was so exciting to learn a lot of hereos stories and concepts from greek and roman mythology,  thank you so much to Coursera , the University of Pennsylvania and a special thank to the professsor Perter Struck, he was so clear and interesting.
Phenomenal course! The most engaging instructor I've ever had, Professor Struck is truly in the moment and whole heartedly putting forth a wonderful learning environment, rich with information - this class is sure to ignite your passion for the classics.
I enjoyed this course so much that I finished it in 3 weeks instead of 10 proposed! It's amazing! Explained very well and understandable, also provided with a very good sense of humour! I learned a lot and I had a lot of fun as wellHighly recommended!
Thoroughly enjoyed sitting at the feet of Peter Struck who brought to life the teaching of this course.  I signed up to keep my mind occupied during lockdown and don't regret a minute spent learning.  The learning platform is extremely user-friendly.
I thought this might be interesting, but it surpassed my expectations. The  reading assignments were  great choices to introduce me to classical mythology. The lecturer was outstanding. I'm only sorry it's over.  Thank you for offering this course.
Fantastic course! I chose to undertake this course out of personal interest and I'm so pleased that I did - Prof Struck is obviously incredibly passionate about this area and teaches with enthusiasm and clarity. Great coverage of the subject area.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. It got me to read things that I've always wanted to but never "found the time" to read on my own. It greatly expanded my knowledge of mythology. It also made me want to dive in deeper and learn more on the topic.
Excellent course!  Dr, Struck is  a knowledgeable professor with many examples of how myths relate to the  history of Greece and Rome.  I particularly enjoyed Dr, Struck's use of "Toolboxes" to describe how myths are analyzed or can be analyzed.
It was amazing! The course made me itch for more knowledge and even slightly scratching the surface of such a vast topic as ancient literature and mythology, professor Struck did a wonderful job! I can't express how happy I am to learn so much!
Highly recommended.This is a very good introduction to the topic. You will do a lot of reading, so expect to put time aside to relax and escape to the ancient world. It was not only time consuming and challenging, it was a great deal of fun!
This class is/was awesome. It fulfilled the goals that it set out to accomplish, most importantly, the Professor Struck sticks out for his abilities to relay the information in a very accessible manner. I highly recommend this class to all.
I really enjoyed this introduction to mythology, for both the stories themselves as well as the different theories in the analytical toolbox. Professor Struck was interesting and engaging. It has motivated me to learn more about mythology.
When I was a fresh man in college I took writing course talking about Greek and Roman literatures. This course is a nice re-visit of what I read before and did give me a deeper understanding and other perspectives in regard to the stories.
Thank you so much for this great and interesting course! It was my first course here on Coursera and I loved it so much! My sincere compliments for Professor Struck who brought myths and their explanation to life! Greetings from Holland!
I really enjoyed this course, and the lectures by Professor Struck. It was interesting, engaging and informative and I'd thoroughly recommend it to anyone interested in the classics. Many thanks for this educational opportunity!
Great course if you want to dig a bit into some big classics like The Aeneid or The Odyssey. You'll know about myths and their different ways of interpretation. If you're interested in Greek and Roman Mythology, you'll like it.
It is a very good course. Peter is a very good teacher. He tells all these stories with passion and we can feel it. I learned a lot. But is the beggining of a new world. Research, reseach, research. Thanks for the oppurtunity!
This was an excellent course which I highly recommend; insightful, entertaining, easy to follow but still in-depth analyses - and it teaches you an awful lot about the subject. Prof Struck is an excellent lecturer. Thank you!
A unique view into Greek and Roman mythology which includes various theories treating the concept of "myth".  This course is not a simple re-telling of familiar stories but a critical review of Homer, Hesiod, Vergil and Ovid.
Excellent introductory course. The professor is personable and engaging & the lectures are interesting. I feel like this course was the foundation that I needed to continue my independent studies of ancient Greek literature.
Really interesting and stimulating course, I have wanted to read some classical texts: Homer, Ovid et al. This course has given me some useful tools to carry on reading more on my own. Thank you Prof Struck and the team.
Excellent course.  Well constructed, well paced - with a really interesting selection of topics from significant myths.  My first non-science study course in quite a while!  Really enjoyed the last few weeks.  Thank you.
A very interesting and through course on mythology. I thoroughly enjoyed the instructor method of delivery and his interesting insights as we delve deeper into myths and their implications for us, humans of 21st century.
thank you!I am teaching mithology for elementry' middle and high school students for many years now. you made me understand deeper and made my knowledge broader.it was great to have time foe this during the corona time.
This course is really enjoyable, Prof. Struck is really entertaining and its obvious he really loves theaching. I can recommend everyone who is intrested about the antique literature or/and the ancient mythic stories.
Exceptional opportunity to develop a deeper grasp of the meaning and many interpretations behind some of the most famous classical myths and stories. I cannot recommend it enough to anybody interested in the classics.
Very intersting course. peter Struck  is a good teacher, I enjoyed his lessons very much.Learned a lot and  I know I will be going on reading this fascinating readings.Thanks to all that made this course possible.
Awesome course! I really loved the professor and the range of topics that this course covers. I'm so glad that I decided to do this course in all honesty. It is truly so interesting and I just loved it so much!!!
The course gives you the knowledge to analyze myths with different conceptual tools and how myths are important in any culture. The professor explanations are very clear and the reading material is very useful.
I really enjoyed the breakdown of the myths chosen and I think they represent some of the best stories each of these cultures has to offer. Thank you so much for such an enjoyable way to learn this material.
Great course! I enjoyed Struck's lectures on myths. It teaches you to look at myths through different lenses and perspectives.  Thoroughly enjoyed, I wish that there were more courses like this one here.
It's a great course. It's a magical journey to understand greek and roman mythology by reading the classics and applying some ancient and modern tools of analysis. After finishing it one wants go deeper.
Well thought out well presented. I feel I have gained a very knowledgeable and thorough understanding of both Greek and Roman mythology and their historical gods and goddesses from taking this course.
I loved this course. It covers material that is generally available to those who can afford an expensive private education. It was a great way to keep myself occupied during the coronavirus lockdown.
What can I say? He is one of the best tellers I have ever seen in my life and he is a professor. This is something real good and not enough for few sentence to tell... Thanks for everything!
This class is very interesting and I love the structure of it. I love how in depth he goes into the different mythological stories and how they connect to Greek culture and daily life.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class and have recommended it to all my friends. Professor Struck made a subject that can often be a difficult slog to tackle into an entertaining overview.
Excellent! Professor Struck was very engaging and brought the works to life. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and feel like a whole world of literature has been opened up for me.
I really enjoyed this course, it helped me put together the snippets of my previous knowledge and gives more structure and context.   The lecturer is very likeable and engaging.
Excellent class. Very challenging for me but I enjoyed it tremendously. I can't imagine trying to read the classics without the guidance and insight provided by Prof. Struck.
Really enjoyed it.  It gave me a framework of knowledge and approaches for further exploration.   Professor Struck is most engaging and his 8 Universal Laws very stimulating.
Really liked this class. Great presentations that tied in mythology, psychology, and psychoanalysis, which is exactly what I wanted to get out of the class. Thank you.
Great course. An excellent Lecturer. He has the power to encourage his students to study and read, Mr. Struck, you have opened my eyes to the past.Regards from Chile
I had a wonderful time in this course, learnt a lot, Peter Struck is a very motivating teacher. Only small criticism: The reading installments are sometimes too muc
A great overview of a rich cultural tradition. This course gives you the core knowledge and some fantastic tools to guide your own way through any family of myths.
My only complaints is that I want more. The instructor was engaging, the stories were great and this has taken me back to being a student and living for mythology.
Wonderful Class.  I really enjoyed reading the books and taking notes and discussing the class with my family and friends and college age young people.  Thank you!
Don't take this class if  you don't have time for the (extensive) reading. But even if you DON'T have time? Listen to the first week's lectures!The class is great!
Great class! The teacher was super interesting and had a good sense of humor. I got to read many great books I might not have read otherwise. Strongly recommend !
An excellent course. Mr Struck is clearly an asset to the University of Pennsylvania. Fluid, easily understandable and ultimately thoroughly enjoyable. Well done.
Amazing course. It helped me better know how greek myths work while providing intelligent and meaningful readings of the material covered in class. A lot of fun.
amazing course i really enjoyed it and i finished it early just before my results day . i am feeling honored i  could do something during this uncertain period
Very interesting and sometimes even breathtaking! Professor's explanations are great, I've never thought that Greek mythology can be so interesting! Thank you!
The deeper dive into myths was enjoyable and much more than I had originally expected. I'm happy I took time out of my COVID break to complete the class.
Thank you so much for this great offer. It was for many years my wish to dive into mythology and I have now a very good basis to go deeper into it.
You can really see/feel/hear how passionate Peter is about this subject matter. It was an epic journey and I truly got a lot out of it! Thank you!
Excellent course I enjoyed learning more about Greek mythology and what myth means.  I would have liked to spent more time on the Roman mythology
Brilliant course.  The reading is enjoyable and the tutorials revealing.  I am thoroughly enjoying the course.  It brings ancient Greece to life.
Truly enjoyed the course. Peter really dug deep and brought out the deep cultural meaning of ancient myth and how they shaped the human society.
Absolutely fantasting course! Very well structured, encourages to dive deeper into mythology of the ancient world. Highly recommend to everyone.
It was a very interesting and engaging course, great fun to study Greek and Roman mythology. Professor Peter Struck knows his stuff very well.
Amazing course that teaches so much In a very understandable way. Peter Struck Is a clear and concise teacher who keeps students attentions.
Excellent course. Very entertaining as a good approach to Roman and Greek myths, two old civilisations at the base of western civilization.
Excellent MOOC, greatly enriches reading Greek and Roman myths and leaves you with a proper academic approach to exploring myth in general.
The course has given me the string to enable me to venture into Greek and Roman mythology knowing I shall be able to find my way back out.
As a Greek I have to say that  I really love this course and the way professor Struck teaches!!! Hope to see more courses by him here👍👍
Fascinating course, the videos are broken down into really short bursts and it keep me engaged and interested. Thank you to all involved!
It's really helpful.Im a literature student.This course really help me to know Greek and Roman mythology with more details.. Thank you..
This class is really fun!! I love it and sincerely hope that this class can be more well known and taught to the public. Many thanks!
Absolutely phenomenal, it expanded and improved my whole view and perspective of Greco-Roman mythology! Professor Struck is the best!
Great introduction into the amazing world of mythology; loved the sections relating to mythology in general (the first few sessions)
I think it was a great course. I learn a lot more than I was expecting. It was easy to follow and come up with a good plan to study
I loved it. the material was precise and helped me to explore more. Thank you so much for such an awesome and well planned course.
Loved this course and I really managed to learn more about Greek and Roman Mythology. A really satisfying and enjoyable journey!
I'm very thankful for this course and enjoyed it a lot! Meaningful, interesting and educative topics as well as video lectures.
AMAZING COURSE! Professor Struck brings ancient mythology alive and presents tools to analyze these myths. Really fascinating.
I loved this course and I believe it will really help me get through the rest of my English classes along with other classes.
Prof. Struck is really dynamic and clear in his explanations. The course equipped me with new and interesting knowledge!
Love this subject. Love the professor also. Took his course on the Odyssey and enjoyed so much. I could quote the text!!
Excellent course. Good selection of topics well delivered by lecturer who clearly is an expert in the field. Thank you!
Great course, kept very interesting by professor Struck. Highlight for me was the part where the Odyssey is discussed.
A wonderful, insightful taste of mythic material, presented in an extremely engaging and inspiring way. I loved it!
Peter Struck is one of the best teachers i have ever studied from, really looking forward to more courses from him.
Very fun course, learned a lot about ancient Greek and Roman mythology and some nice applications to modern times.
Amazing professor and brief review through some of the most important ancient civilizations and their mythology.
A good course, Fairly in-depth exposure and a grand sweep of the important works in Greek and Roman mythology.
Amazing instructor, very enthusiastic, you can feel his energy and passion for mythology and ancient cultures.
Great course! Enjoyed very much Professor Peter Stuck's teach.  I learned a lot of Greek and Roman Mythology.
Great course! Professor Struck really brings mythology to life! I learned a lot and enjoyed myself immensely!
I have taken this course twice and now I am returning for a little refresh.  To its excellence, that speaks.
I enjoyed so much! It gave me sense of purpose, insight, internal strength. I´m sad it´s over!! Thank you.
The narrative really enriched the readings; increased my understanding of the Odyssey and exposed me to
Amazing tutor and very interesting material, handled well and with care. I will recommend this course
good course to make us realize the deeper meaning of literature more than just to have fun. Thank you
Is very interesting learn about ancient cultures and how their myths represents the world around them
I enjoyed this course. It is a good overview of the main pieces of Greek and a Roman myth literature
I loved this wonderful course from the bottom of my heart. I wish to become a mentor to this course.
This is a great course and I learned a lot about both Greek and Roman myths and what they symbolize.
This was an excellent course, with great tools that helped you analize the myths. Absolutely love it
Very thought provoking and interesting. Good use of art and imaging to reinforce what is being said
The most interesting course online I took. Very good instructor. I will check other courses he did.
It was such a lovely experience! I have never had such a good professor! I strongly recommend it!
I loved the course, the professor excellent and the contents extraordinary, thank you so much!
An excellent course, very comprehensive.  Great lectures too.  Much better many MOOCS online.
Very well organised with an amazing delivery style. Thank you Professor Struck and Coursera.
Very enjoyable course that provides the tools to read and gain insight from classical texts.
Learned a lot about the interpretation of ancient Myth, and about Homer, Virgil, and Ovid.
Amazing course. I advise the participents to read at lease the Odessy along the course.
Very interesting and informative. Thanks to the makers of the course and the Professor.
Incredible course by Peter Struck and the team of Penn University! Highly recommended!
Very interesting explanations and useful toolbox about myths.  Good choice of lectures
I have always wanted to learn about Greek Mythology and am exited to take this course.
A very informative course that can change the way a person views mythology in general.
Great teacher, great topics. i am taking the course for the second time. Just PERFECT!
I strongly recommend this course to the students of archaeology and "classical" arts!
Learned so many amazing things about the Greeks and Romans from Professor Struck. :D
Excellent course. The professor keeps everything interesting and he is full of infor
Fantastic course, made so interesting by the Professor's enthusiasm for the content.
Excellent course! Super knowledgeable professor with excellent presentation skills.
This course really helped me to appreciate the classics! I can recommend to anyone.
engaging and professor related it to modern times. would take more of his courses
I really enjoyed the course and learned so much. Prof. Peter Struck is a legend!
the professor explains everything in a fun and passionate way, totally worth it!
A really great and complete college-quality course that everybody need to learn.
I loved this course! It is the best course I have taken on Coursera. Thank you!
All I can say is TAKE THIS CLASS. You will not regret it, I promise. Excellent.
This was a wonderful course!  Take it and take the time to do all the reading.
Loved it! A thorough examination of Greek and Roman Literature and Mythology.
Just love it! Mr. Struck was a great teacher, I wish there was a second part.
Well explained, very informing and adapted to our time...very interesting...
Great course, the professor is fantastic and explains the topics clearly.
Thank you Professor Struck and Penn for a wonderful layout of the course.
Brilliant course: super interesting, inspiring and very well organized!
Very interesting class and good, passionate teacher ! Would recommend !
A delightful, insightful and hugely interesting course. I recommend it.
I have learnt a lot about mythology and was having fun while doing it.
It's a great experience to attend this course under the guidance of Pr
Very interesting and informative! Would definitely advise to take it!)
Great course, Pr Struck makes Greek and Roman Mythology fascinating !
Excellent presentation and extremely interesting content!  Thank you.
Great course! It is a good introduction to Greek and Roman Mythology.
Great course! A little dense and intense, but every minute is worth.
This is a really good course. It takes some time, but that's okay :)
Content is great. Lectures are interesting. Reading is the most fun!
Great teacher, it really gives an interesting perspective on myth!
This was an insightful class that opened up the classics for me.
Fabulous course, extremely interesting and explained. Thank you!
Wonderful lecturer. Thank you for making this available to all.
The course was very good. I was able to understand everything.
Thank you for this amazing course. It was a wonderful journey.
Beautifully engaging! Fun, informative, and thought provoking.
Very Helpful For My Greek & Roman Mythology Knowledge Desire!
was very exciting to learn and the teacher was a good teacher
Excellent explanation  of mythology, one of the best courses.
Definitely the best course on Coursera. Utterly fascinating.
It's awesome I love it! Very educational and Inspiriational!
This course took me on an adventure I would always remember!
interestinggenius professor from university of Pennsylvania
Great course. Professor Struck made the subject come alive.
Excellent introduction to a escolar approach to Mythology
It was a very nice course for mythology lovers. I loved.
Very interesting topic, and Prof. Struck was fantastic!
Fascinating, thorough and delightful- thanks so much!
It was really interesting and I loved the information
as a layman, i have learnt so much. thanks professor!
Phenomenal! I'd even take the same course over again!
The teacher is very active and I really learn a lot~
Amazing! It was such a great learning experience!
Great overview of both Greek and Roman mythology-
It was very fasinating and I loved it. Great job!
I really enjoyed the course. Thank you very much!
It was an amazing experience, thank you so much
great, excelent teacher, topics and very clear.
Perfect course! It was Really very interesting!
Wonderful journey of Greek and Roman Mythology
Great course. Isn't there any more like this?
Very interesting, made me want to learn more!
Fun, educational, great lecture. Interesting.
Haven't finished it yet! but I'm loving it!
Very good lectures, content, and exercises.
Informative. I really liked the instructor.
Completely engaging and well paced course.
Excellent contents and excellent teacher!
Engaging instructor and amazing content.
Really enjoyable and interesting course
I'm so glad I took this amazing course!
Really interesting and fun to discuss!
Great Course after reading the Odyssey
Very interesting course, fun to follow
one of the best courses I've ever take
great course! great professor Struck!
Great teacher, willing to learn more!
Read a lot! Learned  a lot! Love it!
If take this class you will love it
Excellent class and well presented.
It’s an amazing journey with Peter
Dark but outstandingly insightful.
Interesting and well explained.
Thank you for Professor Struck
So engaging, light work load!
Loved it! I learned so much!
Thank you Professor Struck!!
Really enjoyable diversion!
incredibly detailed course
Great course. I recommend.
The best professor ever!
Great course!  Thanks!
I was thunderstruck!
Amazing course!!!!!
very good course :D
Very nice cours
Great Course!
All is well
Brilliant!!
The best!!
Very A1
