The presentation is monotonic, heavy in non-essential facts, and extremely rapid.  Visuals are not well supported with the use of pointer. Visuals are often repeated.  The richness of the Penn museum is not taken advantage with an introductory tour.  The course is not well organized.  There are not enough quizzes to test your knowledge.  The quizzes are very difficult, especially that they come so very late after 10 videos.  There is only 1 guest.  Everything else is presented by the main presenter.
I was actually very excited for this course, yet it disappointed me. The lectures were monotonous and stiff, I found myself watching the videos on mute with the subtitles on! (p.s. the persons who transcribed the videos should have taken the time to see and hear what they were translating since there are quite a few errors on names, locations, even simple words). I also found the lessons rather superficial, did not "dive" into the heart of this great civilization. Finally, having read a book or two on the subject, the whole experience added almost nothing to my previous knowledge on ancient Egypt. The course is good for those who have no previous knowledge on the subject and wish to learn the basics regarding Egypt, its gods, mummies etc.
The subject matter is of great interest to me but unfortunately Dr. Silverman standing paralyzed before a projected backdrop and lecturing in a monotone doesn't do it.  Too much "talking head" (actually motionless body) and too few visuals of course material.  I'm sure he's a brilliant man, but an adequate lecturer he is not.  If he's so shy he might just do voice-overs.  I have dropped the course and will just read the book.  I would not, incidentally, rate the course at an intermediate level.  Beginning would be more accurate.Onscreen videos are bad enough, being at one remove from the classroom, but onscreen videos of an immobile monotone lecturers will kill any subject.
I should have looked more carefully at the syllabus before taking this course. It gives a lot of detail about kings, gods and mummification, but nothing about the structure of ancient Egyptian civilization such as the organization of society below the kings. Nothing about how the peasants were organized, nothing about relations with neighboring civilization through the centuries   It's not similar in content than, for example, the Assyria course "Organizing an Empire, the Assyrian Way,"  To a great extent it can be seen as a tour of the Eqypt Museum at U of Penn. It's fine if that's what you are looking for.
While the information is interesting, the speaker is horrendous. I can't put it any nicer. He is monotonous and is obviously reading from a prompter. There is no excitement in him to make me want to be excited to learn anything new. There are breaks in his speaking as if he is waiting for the prompter to move to the next page. All he does is stand and never moves, very boring and very dry.Some of the later lessons were a bit better. At least we saw more pictures to support the information and didn't have to watch the speaker just standing there.
I found listening to the instructor just read notes became very tedious very quickly. I had to force myself to finish this course which rather defeated my goal of learning for fun. The only video that engaged me was the very last one set in the artifact lab. I also feel that if you are going to offer transcriptions of the lectures, someone should proofread them. Not to do so is shoddy work and doesn't do Coursera or Penn any favors.
I was disappointed by this course. I thought it was poorly organized and focused too much on trivia and not enough on motivating and contextualizing Ancient Egyptian civilization. I was hoping to come away from this course with a richer understanding of Ancient Egypt. The lectures were surprisingly dry.
The material was indeed interesting however the way of presenting it was surprisingly terrible. The manner of speech and lack of mimics and expression of the professor was disappointing and I preferred to read the script rather than watch the videos :(
Unfortunately, I did not find the course overly engaging and only provided very basic information. It would have been more interesting to look at a few things more in depth.
While the content is great, the lecturer isn't the most riveting to listen to. He stands as a statue most of the time and seems uncomfortable in front of the camera.
How is it possible to teach one of the most exciting optics in the most uninteresting, convoluted and rash manner with preposterously odd quiz questions?
Great information, however, the professor who is clearly a specialist just stood and read the lectures.  Not as interesting as they could have been.
Very interesting subject matter, however, sadly brought in a boring way, resulting in my quitting the course.
Fascinating subject but presentation was very wooden.
very dry and slow, not very easy to pay attention to
Very limited treatment of the subject.
Bought both course and optional book.  Enjoyed the course with some reservations as noted herein and conclude that the book is better by far.  I am glad to have it as a resource while I am dabbling in Egyptology these days.  Finished the course in less than a week.It should be noted that, for the most part, this is a series of short 2-6 minute lectures delivered in "talking head" style with what has been called "negative stage presence" doing "stand and deliver" lectures read from a prompter of some kind.  There is a good attempt at production quality in the video lectures.The least enjoyable part are the accompanying lecture notes presented as ".txt" files filled with grammar, syntax and typo errors.  Printed them out and read them all.  "Ray" is not the spelling of either Re or Ra but it's in there.  These need a complete proofreading.The quizzes are problematic at times.  I will mention only the quiz at the end of "Mummies and Mummification:" where there is a question regarding how the heart was handled during the mummification process.  From the lecture and the lecture notes: "It was either left in place or removed, mummified, and then replaced in the body."  This means it is an either/or but only one of these will be marked correct.  I would like my quiz corrected.Overall, I got what I came for - a fairly comprehensive overview and introduction to ancient Egypt and Its Civilization.  I learned new facts, gained new insights and picked up some heretofore unknown subtleties.  I enjoyed it but had to work through some unnecessary pedagogy.  Glad I did it.  Took about 10 hours as advertised.  Evidently there is a follow up course but I will not be going forward with it.  I appreciated this introductory course for what it is.
While the subject matter is very interesting I don't think it was told well or in an exciting way.
The subject is interesting, but the presentation is dry, boring, in monotonous tone. Feels like somebody is reading a text book. No pause between thoughts, no animation of any kind. I am sure,   the professor is a great scholar and authority on the subject, but as a lecturer he is not that great. It is unfortunate, because I was eagerly waiting for the course.
The course was nice, but very shallow.. I was expecting a deeper, richer material on such a rich topic. The illustrations and monuments were great. I hope they can make a complementary course that gives us a better insight on the ancient Egyptian culture
Good overview of major customs and architecture, but I would have liked more details on how ordinary Egyptians lived their lives.
The material in this course is of a high standard as one would expect. However, the presentation leaves much to be desired. The video transcripts need to be proofread and corrected and at least one is missing.  Where errors in videos have been made, or material changed for other reasons, the video 'drop ins' are clumsy. This is only presentational, but it matters. More seriously, questions in the quiz sometimes refer to subjects that have not been taught in the lectures and don't even feature in the suggested background reading material. Some  participants would find this quite disheartening . Finally, while Dr Silverman is, clearly, an eminent academic, he is not a natural presenter, reading from a script and uncomfortable on camera. Overall, while the content is very interesting, the course could do with a makeover.
The course was extremely easy. I hoped it would be more of a challenge. No homework, only a 10 questions test every week (that is also extremely easy). As someone who's always been interested in Ancient Egypt, I already knew some things and ended up being able to pass the tests with 90-100% without even following the course. It's really an introduction for people who are pretty much new to the subject, so I'd recommend it, but for people who are looking for something more, you might find it boring. Even though the teacher is nice, the description of the course made me hope that it would be more interesting visually. I mostly read the transcriptions instead of watching the videos, because the teacher would just stand there and talk without moving, and it was not stimulating to me.
The course provides conservative vision of problematic of the pyramids. In modern course I would expect from the lecturer to deal with the controversial statements, rather ending the interesting part by calling to conservative theories "facts". It is essential to remember that the history written by the writers, the course even provides an example. If thousands years from now the same approach will be applied on excavations on Sophia church in Istanbul, then it will be declared without doubt as a mosque. For the good science it is essential to remain place to doubt the current theories and solutions, and be able to revise them once having a controversial facts. This course not trying to deal with controversial facts.
The lecturer is obviously knowledgeable, but his delivery seems dispassionate. I would have enjoyed seeing him with a chalk board, outlining his points and personalizing the information with references to his own archaeological experiences.The text accompanying the videos seems to be computer-generated. It has sentence fragments, misspellings, and artificial paragraph segmentation that does not follow the vocal presentation. English is my primary language, and that appears to be true for the instructor. Because I am a person who learns more by reading that by listening, the inaccuracies in the text were a distraction from the fascinating subject matter.
I enjoyed learning about Ancient Egypt; However, I found the instructor to be monotonous. Dr. Silverman is a brilliant man, but does not seem to enjoy lecturing. I think this course could use a revamp with more engaging, interactive lectures, as well as some editing in the video transcriptions. I would also suggest more diagrams and visual depictions of timelines for those of us who are visual learners. I don't mean to be negative; I just think constructive criticism is a handy tool to ensure improvement.
I found much of the information to be accurate, however; many mistakes were made during the filming of the videos. I have noticed that no corrections were made to the quizzes after videos were finalized, leaving many questions to have more than one answer from the notes taken, or for questions to not have been addressed at al during the lessons. Overall the course was information but is in need of editing.
The lecturer has a flat, boring delivery.  The content is interesting.  However the text on which this course is based is very good. It is lavishly illustrated.  The print is too small in the paperback edition, but it's big enough in the hardcover edition.
some of the exam questions were misleading (the way they were phrased was misleading) and sometimes the delivery was difficult to follow because of the structure of the lectures but I enjoyed this course nonetheless and found the content very interesting.
Over halfway through. Overall good information. However, the instructor talks fast and is really to the point with no babble, so taking notes can involve A LOT of pausing the videos, something to be aware of before beginning this course.
An interesting course that gives a little insight into Ancient Egypt, I think the videos could have been a little longer and more fleshed out in terms of content. But it was a okay course, quick and easy enough to follow along with.
There was a lot to try to remember from one quiz to the next and I have memory problems, but if you're a person with normal memory abilities, I guess that wouldn't be a problem.  I really enjoyed learning more about ancient Egypt.
in the first few weeks i found it very slow and hard to take in the info... the course gets more interesting as you go forward. I enjoyed the the two weeks the most
The information was well organized and presented well. However, the presentation was at times dry monotone. Over all, the course taught me what I wanted to learn.
Informative course for anyone not familiar with the ancient Egyptians; The quizzes have a low (50%) threshold in order to pass, but are not always easy.
While the topics are incredibly interesting, one would wish for a little more enthusiasm in the presentation of the knowledge and the course material.
A very basic overview of Egyptian history, not as detailed as I had expected.  It didn't cover as many topics as I would have liked.
Author is quite slow in presentation.  Otherwise material is good and the pictures are well coordinated with the material
I think this course is very informative but I feel, the narration is very flat and some modulation can be used.
A bit too theoretical, a list of information. Only the last Video was a bit interaction with other researchers
I enjoyed the course. Dr. Silverman needs to stop reading a teleprompter - he literally was reading a script.
A very enlightening course ... i would have liked to hear more about the mythology and the gods roles
Too simple a course... Would be nice to have more structure period wise and content wise!
The quiz was the best part
A good course, marred only by occasional poor quiz questions. Problem questions were either ambiguous or, more often than not, referred to material from previous weeks or not in the course at all. Independent research was then necessary to be confident of a correct answer at first attempt. Most problems seem likely due to course editing and subsequent loss of internal referential integrity.
The course is well-organized with a lot of artifacts, maps, photos and other relevant materials. For the quizzes, they are quite easy to be completed with great scores. I suggest that the quiz content should be covered more details, and the answer should not always be exact words as in the lecture. It can be puzzle, more picture quiz in order to create longer memories of the students. Also, the minimum scores to get pass can be 70-80% instead of 50%. It requires the students to pay more effort in their studying. Additionally, for the suggested readings, I think it will be better if Coursera can create an optional quiz related to the readings to let the student self-test their knowledge beyond the provided lecture. Thank you very much for creating such a very useful tool for people who love Ancient Egyptian history like me!!!
As I was going through the course, it struck me that I was hearing almost the same thing I studied in my courses in the early 1970's in which the material for the sphinx and Giza pyramids was based on  determinations by "scholars" from the 1880's and early 1900's.  I was also surprised that no consideration was given for more recent re-interpretations of the timeframe for the sphinx, in view of studies done on the possible water erosion, possible reshaping of the head and so on.  To me, these theories are worth mentioning as possibilities; thus, I felt some disappointment.   Nevertheless, I enjoyed the course overall and enjoyed seeing so many different artifacts that helped define different eras in the history of Egypt. I also enjoyed learning about the dig in which the university is involved.  Thanks!
Very good material, very well presented and paced. The opportunity to see the artifacts in the Penn museum is well worth your time. The instructor is engaging and knowledgable without being tiresome, and many of the same concepts or reinforced from lesson to lesson so you get a better idea of how all this information fits together.I took off one star for the quizzes (note that they cover both the videos and supplemental readings, which of course if fair, but it doesn't tell you that). You cannot see what answer you gave when you check your score, so you're left guessing. A layout showing your answer vs. the correct one woud be a helpful learning reinforcement.Also question #9 on the Week 6 quiz has two possible correct answers, according to the video.
The course is a good general knowledge introduction to Egypt, there is lots of information stuffed into each week. The lecturer's style is super dry, but the lectures are ultimately very useful. This course style is sometimes a bit disconnected, in that the information you are given is often handled purely as information, and not quite as often contextualized. This tends to make the quizzes, and discussion prompts feel disjointed, and challenging in the way that it's difficult to use your newfound knowledge in application. That being said, I really enjoyed the class as a very direct knowledge-gathering experience.
Good information, organized in an interesting and unique way. The graphics and labeling are beautiful.The course is flawed, however, by the way the professor is obviously reading a script from a teleprompter. His delivery is uncomfortably slow. and. Awkward. withunatural. pauses. In. hisspeech. I wish he would just talk! He seems knowledgeable but his passion for the the subject is ruined by the stilted speech. My favorite video was the last one, where he and a lab technician are in a restoration lab, and the two of them are just talking. If the entire course had been that way, it would be a 5-star winner.
I did learn a few new things, but I would have to say the course is very easy to pass.  The hardest part is the essay questions, but these are optional.  Anyone having basic knowledge of Egyptian history could pass all the quizzes without doing anything else.  You only have to get 50% correct.The recorded lectures were good, but not great.  The speaker is reading the transcript and it seems like for the first time.  He is not speaking naturally and it's a bit stiff.Nevertheless, for someone just starting, the course has all the essential information needed and you will learn a lot.
Course was intresting, material was explained in a way that most people 
would have understood it. Even without a degree in history or anything 
like that. However David P Silverman is not a person to be put in front of a camera. He doesn't look at the camera and I think this is caused because most of the time he is reading of what he wants to say. Apart from that he speaks in one tone all the time wich in due time gets quit boring. Try to sound more entheusiastic. I know he probarbly is, it just doesn't show on camera.
Very interesting course that doesn't require the learner to have any 
knowledge on ancient Egypt. Regardless,
 it is also interesting for people involved in Archaeology (especially 
beginners who may not have had much contact with the area yet) since it 
provides interesting and accessible information. The lector is easy to comprehend, very 
knowledgeable and shows many examples but it is obvious that he reads his speech from a screen in front of him and that makes his lectures rather stiff and less enthusiastic.
It was an interesting course, the lectures were kind of dry but the information delivered was worth sitting through them for not to mention the artifacts themselves, always moving to see them. The quizzes could have been better as some of the questions could be ambiguous or referenced material that wasn't discussed, some may have had more than one correct answer depending on which archaeologist one decided to stand with. Overall, I enjoyed it and plan on taking the next installment, Wonders of Ancient Egypt.
Although I enjoyed the course, I am dismayed at the number of spelling errors in the transcript for all weeks. I believe a voice recognition program was used but it seems no one reviewed the final transcript before posting. Faïence was a common mis-spelling. If I could download the entire transcript for each week (I could only find the transcript available by segment) I would be glad to note errors so they can be corrected.
Great course. I wish it demonstrated more of the Nubian culture of Egypt as well. One of the last videos, was disappointing to see a clearly black Mummy whose name was Pontious (sp) which means Black or Nubian, and the narrator made a disclaimer on it. Also, the narrator appeared as if he was frightened and reading from a script the entire time. Sort of took away from the lecture. Other than that it was a good class.
Informative for the beginner but Dr Silverman really does have to work on his deadpan delivery as the excitement of the teacher spreads to the student. The only time he cracked a smile was when he was talking in the lab. There was little personal insight into the life of the ancient Egyptians and many points were raised with an "I will come back to that" which never seemed to materialize.
The course was interesting and contained a lot of information.  However, the quiz questions are not all answered in the lectures.  Several times I had to go to outside sources to answer some questions.  Please go through your quiz materials and make sure that the answers are presented clearly in the lectures.  Or more easily, rewrite the quizzes to contain only lecture material.
This was a very interesting course and I learnt a great deal from it. I did feel that it could have been presented in a more dynamic and engaging way, although I recognise that the presenter is obviously an expert in this field and has a wealth of knowledge. I'm sure that if I visited the sites of Ancient Egypt again I would see them differently and in a much more informed way.
Overall great intro slash brief overview of Ancient Egypt. Felt that week 2 was a little overwhelming in that it basically just lists dynasties and dates non-stop. Also felt that the videos themselves could have been longer rather than having 10 2-5 minute videos each with an intro and credits scene. Overall well done and will be taking the second course.
The course was very enjoyable. I would like to see a video lesson the geography of Egypt as there is much mention of locations in the early lessons. There is nothing about temples or rituals or the Valley of the Kings. Perhaps this could be a 2-part course with more themes. Many of the url links I tried to look at do not work. That needs to be addressed.
Loved being able to take a course on a subject that I'm passionate about. I was fortunate to visit Egypt before taking this course so when I went through this course, it was a refresher to what I had learned during my trip. The professor was extremely informative but he seemed to jump around quite a bit and came off dry.
A very informative course with a lot of amazing detail included. Highly recommend to others with an interest in Ancient Egypt. Associated reading texts were great and the videos were filled with additional interesting information, however some of the links on the additional reading pages are no longer active.
Very good course! Easy to follow with the videos and the examples used were great! Recommend paying attention to the forum questions even if you are not paying for the certificate fully; it helps to recap the information at the end of each week. Could easily take this course while doing multiple others.
Wonderful bounty of information, but organization of course in short, segmented videos, all titled the same name, were hard to follow. If there were bullet points or video topic names covered, it would have been much easier to organize note taking. Overall, though, incredible class with in-depth detail.
The knowledge I acquired was very insightful and all inclusive. It clears your fundamental concept of the politics, cults, myth, and ritual of ancient Egypt. The lectures cover diverse topics and attention to the lectures are enough to understand the course to the point of repeating them to others.
I love the course, the content, and Dr. Silverman's book. I only have one minor "complaint." The good teacher is very hard to follow in his script reading. His lecture isn't fluid, and he seems to show little passion for the subject. This makes a huge difference in presentation, in my opinion.
I love the setting for the lectures, but I wish I could have seen more the Penn collection. I love that the information is clear, concise and for the most part chronologically organized. Thank you for an informative and entertaining way to learn about ancient Egyptian cultures.
Pretty interesting topics and content.  Delivery was a little hard to get through - sometimes the volume was hard to hear (with all volume turned up).  Speaker is very, very, very monotone and dry, which sometimes makes it hard to concentrate.  Overall, a great overview.
The videos were short and the content was informative, very to the point. The consistent tone of the instructor helped make listening to the information more easy to assimilate in my opinion. I would like to see a more advanced class on this topic with this professor.
Interesting material, it would have been 5 stars but the delivery is a bit dull and you can tell it is being read as you can hear the flipchart being turned. The collections you are introduced to are fascinating and there is much information and lots to see.
It was not quite easy to listen to professor Silverman in the lectures and remember the details later. But I very much appretiated the suggestions for further reading. All in all the course helped me to get further in my studies on Ancient Egypt.
I had fun with this course and definitely learned a lot from it. It seemed easier than it should have been for being labeled an intermediate course, I felt it should have been more in depth for that ranking. Overall good course if a bit basic.
I really  enjoyed the course and I´ll be more than happy to take other courses with the University of  Pennsylvania.  During this course I have clarified many concepts of Ancient Egypt civilization that before were not clear for me. Thank you
A very good basic introduction to Ancient Egypt. But, if you have already taken a similar course or read several books on the topic, you won't find anything new. The instructor knows his stuff but doesn't seem very passionate or engaging.
A good introduction to the history and culture of the ancient Egyptian people. If you are truly interested in the subject, further independent research is absolutely required to gain more than a perfunctory understanding of the topic.
This was a great course and introduction to Ancient Egypt. The chosen topics were interesting and helped to put the information we were provided into context. Looking forward to starting the second course in the series.
Very informative.  Video commentary is a little dry but the further reading section offers a lot.  I find it is necessary to purchase the recommended book in order to really get a good understanding of the course.
It was an amazing experience to learn through videos and English subtitles accompanied with on-site pictures for monuments. It was simple, interesting and focused on details.Thanks Dr. David and the team
If you are into the Ancient civilisation of Egypt, this is a good start to hook you up, but if you are looking for more answers, this is not enough. You need more, and i need more.
it was awesome. just the professor had this really monotone voice without any impression on his voice or face, that made the courses a tiny bit boring. but it was a great course
Really good introduction to anyone who wants to get a clear picture of the chronology of Egypt's ancient civilization, as well the major elements of it's DNA. Great course.
I did enjoy this course, but the instructor seemed very stiff and was clearly reading from a prompter. This made it hard to focus on what he was saying sometimes
Very pleasant narrative, although a bit arbitrary choice of topics. At some points it got too detailed in relation to the general overall nature of the course.
Definitely recommend if you need a crash-course on Ancient Egypt! In-depth, concise, and well explained; suitable for all those interested in ancient history
An essay type question paper would also be quite useful since that will enable the person to go through the material and write proper essay type answers.
Week 2 ----History and Chronology Quiz is very tough. But the later onces are good enough. I have learnt a lot with this course. It fulfills my dream.
This was a really good course. I would highly recommend this to anyone who is genuinely interested in learning more about Egyptian myths and history.
Very interesting course. I was looking forward to at least a week dedicated to studying ancient hieroglyphs but they were only mentioned in passing.
Fascinating course, great content. Lecturer seemed uncomfortable with presenting to camera at first, but seemed to improve as course went on
While Dr. Silverman is not an animated speaker, he is clear, direct and to the point. I enjoyed learning new things about ancient Egypt.
Great cours, learn a lot in it. Bacis about Acient Egypt Civilization, history, deities, writing systems etc.... Thanks Pr. Silverman.
Very interesting course, the only thing I missed was a bit more order within each weekly session, with subparts clearly define.
I liked it, but I've expected more videos. For example, on the cult of Aton, on daily life of ancient Egyptians and their art.
Good overview of Ancient Egypt.  Please not that I was unable to open any of the reading material that was linked to Penn.
Very informative and resourceful. However, the instructor could have been a little more energetic during the lectures.
Very informative course. The instructor uses a lot of beautiful images of ancient Egyptian art and architecture.
slightly boring way of explaining the history behind every statue by the tutor with a monotonous voice tone
Was wonderful. Instructor is very knowledgeable and this was great beginner's learning. Recommend.
Very interesting material covered by the course. The Professor teaching it sounds a little dry.
Frequently even with my sound turned full up I have difficulties hearing the Coursera classes.
needs more data visiualizations..  images that used repeated many times which is confusinng.
I liked this course..thanksfull with you coursera and the university from penssilvanya
Really great course but there could have been less videos by making them longer.
It needs more written notes so that it would be easier for a person follow up.
I wanted to give it 4.5 Stars. The course was wonderful and was well thought.
Nice and rather short course, giving a good introduction about Ancient Egypt.
A lovely introduction on different aspects of ancient Egyptian civilization!
info is great but it might be a little overwhelming, layout can be improved
Interesting course stimulated my desire to learn more about ancient Egypt
it was slightly hard to follow but a great class. i enjoyed it immensly.
Probably too much of a general approach and not enough information.
This was a very good introduction to the history of Ancient Egypt.
I loved it. I only wish there was even more details and quizzes.
Lots of detail, particularly about the Penn museum.  Descriptive
Interesting class, which give a good overview of Ancient Egypt.
It's been a very interesting course, quick and easy to follow.
I learnt interesting facts about Egypt that blew my mind.
Thanks for all the informations, it's a great course !
Fantastic content, I really learnt some new things
very interesting course! I love ancient Egypt
So interesting! I really learned a lot!
Good, clear and well balanced. less t
Very intensive course!
I'm learning so much.
It's interesting .
This is indeed a great course. It is very simply put and very easy to follow up.Do join without any hesitancy if you have a genuine interest in learning about the history of ancient Egypt!
I loved it! But why only 6 weeks? Please, make it at least 10! Dr. Silverman's lectures and book are great! I knew nothing about ancient Egypt when I started the class. Now I know the history, the symbols, their gods, the significance of mummification, the christian motifs that were "borrowed" from the egyptians and so much more. I am really thankful to Penn because two of three classes I have taken -Ancient Egypt and Roman and Greek Mythology- are from this institution. I love Penn and Coursera. Thank you.
I loved the course very much and I always wanted to learn about the Egyptians and this course contains everything. one thing that disappointed me was that I didn't get to read sir David Silverman's book Ancient Egypt because it was not available I certainly wanted the PDF of the book but it was not available I request that the book's PDF was provided to us.
First online course and I loved every moment of it! It felt really refreshing to hear some old names that I used to study as a child. Well done and thanks again for the amazing opportunity!
The pacing is well done!  I would like to see some more up-to-date research, like Wilfred/a the mummy resolution, f.e.  This course could easily be longer and I would love to take that!
I am glad I took this course! I learned so much about Ancient Egypt and its society, culture, art, and mythology. Kudos to Dr. Silverman and to the University of Pennsylvania for this.
Excellent course! This gave me more confidence in teaching middle school students about Ancient Egypt! Very well done and very informative.  I really enjoyed this course!
Thank you very much for this introduction! I really needed to have a starting point. It was very clear and interesting. I'll continue searching and studying, of course!
This is a wonderful way to familiarize yourself with Ancient Egypt. It covers the basics on the Pre- Dynastic Period, the Old, Middle, and New Kingdoms, and the Late Period. Professor Silverman is clearly someone who truly enjoys teaching others about this subject, and his lectures are very interesting. The Forums are really useful, too, as they provide a wealth of extra information which can be learned from discussions with other students. If you have any interest in archeology, Ancient Egypt, or the birth of civilization, you should definitely take this course, and I sincerely hope Professor Silverman come out with more courses to expand on this fascinating subject! The only thing that could make this better would be some peer-reviewed assignments, as I find that assigned essays, etc., help me assimilate the information more fully, and having them reviewed by others ensures that I have understood what I learned correctly.
This is my first online course.  I really enjoyed the mini-lecture method along with the notes.  I was able to study at my own time and pace, and take my own notes from the lecture and the n.  I learned from the notes, the ability to listen more than once to the lectures, the included photos, the textbook, my own photos and books.  I was able to take my own notes from the lectures and the provided notes.  The whole program provided optimal learning for me.  I took this course for my own pleasure and distraction from our world, national, and covid-19 events.  It was a great experience for me; I hope to take more courses.  I did refer several friends to coursera.org.  THANK YOU for this opportunity.
It would have been better if the quizzes were more adapted to the content of the text. However, it is quite informative and spectacular course with many pictures of the different Egyptian items, pyramids, pharaohs, etc. And what is the most important to me, after finalizing the course, a desire appeared in my mind to watch some fiction films about ancient Egypt. I advise you, guys to watch the following fiction films after the course end: 1) The Mummy (1999); 2) The Mummy Returns (2001); and 3) The Scorpion King (2002). There you will find out and discover many things, items and bulletins, that are mentioned in the given course. They are partly horror genre, but it is worth to watch.
I hope to pursue religious studies. I had some idea that I would have to review Egyptian religions to see how later antiquity developed, such as Hellenistic and Islamic cosmologies. But I had no idea how highly evolved the Egyptians were so early on. Their architecture is technologically mind boggling and hard to explain in detail. But their cosmologies are highly understandable from later cosmologies such as found in Mahabharata and Ramayana of India. This series of lectures did do justice to spiritual concepts. It would take a PhD level of effort to develop some of these themes. No words to thank Professor Silverman and U Penn. I wish I was a graduate student there.
Very interesting. I have been to the Cairo Museum and have seen the mummies and the King Tutankhamun exhibit. Unfortunately the photos do not give the items justice. The mummies are in a separate area and require a separate fee, so make sure you really want to look at them. The Tut exhibit in Cairo has many items but does not have the mummy. The mask is here and jewelry, beds, chairs, and chariot among other things. It is amazing. Again there are no truly accurate words to describe them; they are a must see thing to understand about no words to explain them.This course has taught me a lot of things and is worth taking at any cost.
I think its the best online course I have taken anywhere about history of ancient Egypt. I was also inspired by the way Dr David P. Silverman narrated the story of ancient Egypt. The course was also well designed to give a brief intro to everyone about various important aspects of ancient Egyptian life. The lessons mentioned in the "further reading" section of every week were carefully picked so as to give the reader a whole recap as well as further insight to what was learned during that week. I will surely take any other course on Egyptology if offered/ organized by Dr Silverman on this subject.
Informative and thought provoking.  I will be traveling to Egypt next year and I wanted to understand more about Egyptian history so that I would get more out of the trip.  This course did that for me.  The instructor was clear and concise.  Though the transcript is a bit spotty in places I found the instructors book very helpful. I really liked that the videos were broken up into manageable chunks. It is made it easily to follow and also break into different study sessions.  I plan on taking the book and my notes from this course with me on my trip. Thank you for a great class.
The professor was very knowledgeable.  The material was broken down into manageable chunks or lessons.  It was very interesting to see examples or actual objects that illustrated the concept being taught.  The materials in the Penn Museum were often referred to and shown.  The lectures was fast paced and I appreciated the ability to go back and watch sections of the lectures over again to make sure that I understood the material being taught.  Thank you for making a course like this available to me at no cost.  I look forward to exploring other coursera classes.
Though aesthetically feeling like a museum guide, the images and info along the course made it very formative and informative, just like a good university course. The introductory aspect instigates us to know more about individual aspects and to focus on certain aspects in the Egyptian culture on the future. Maybe a bit more on politics and polemic research topics would improve it even further. Having other points of view, like the relation between contemporary Egyptian museologists and university profs. would make it absolutely perfect.
I enjoyed this course. If only these types of Courses were offered here in Michigan I would have obtained a degree in Egyptology a long time ago. I do plan on taking the other set of courses related to this. The videos really helped and those places are beautiful. I really want to visit Egypt some day soon, before those pyramids are no longer there or I am too old to travel. Whichever comes first. Thanks Dr. Silverman. Your explanation on Egypt has brought me even closer to my love of their history and understanding.
Although a bit slow and scripted in the start, I've grown a sort of fondness to the professor. In the beginning the chronology seemed jumbled but slowly I got acquainted with the course and really started to enjoy it. Don't make any assumptions based on the first few videos. The course as a whole is very good and informative. I went from knowing next to nothing about Egypt, to being able to at least debate with seasoned professionals and hold my ground on the subject.
This course has been a really good experience. I learnt a lot and I enjoyed each of the videos and content since it provided me a new perspective about the studies that researchers have in different parts of the world. Although this is not my main field of study, I have always been interested in this amazing culture. I hope one day I have the opportunity to visit the museum in Philadelphia and of course, go the Egypt soon. Best wishes, thanks a lot!
I've always been interested in ancient Egypt and enjoy reading about and testing my knowledge of it when I can.  It's interesting to hear from archeologists on what new finds or facts are discovered.  I was very happy to be able to visit Egypt and see first hand many of the temples and tombs there and, when it's a bit safer, would love to go back! Thank you so much for and interesting and informative class.  I enjoyed it very much!
Special thanks to Dr.David P Silverman Sir and University of Pennsylvania for providing such an authentic and rich content in the subject of Egyptology. I always thought of learning about Egypt, its splendid culture, its marvelous architectures, concept behind mummification, etc. and this course has stands true to my expectations. Definitely the best course for any beginner who wants to learn more about Egyptology.
I'm not a historian, but always found ancient history to be a fascinating topic to read and study. I think the egyptians were a people whose culture evoke some sort of magic and mystic, but that we didn't studied as much as I liked in school.  I think this course helped me learn more about them, but also preserved this magic. The visualization of the art in the Museum was a great way to illustrate many points.
The course is quite unique and mishmashes all the required detail within a short period of six weeks. The course provides a detailed introduction and history of Egypt from all corners, everything from the pharaoh's names to the rise and fall of the empire and even mummification. loved the course and all the knowledge from it. don't know if there is any other way to obtain all such information together at once.
This was a very insightful course and I thoroughly enjoyed learning from it. As it's just an introduction, it has definitely sparked me to research further into some of information included as well as explore some of Dr. Silverman's other courses here on Coursera. I've also added a future visit to the Penn Museum to my list. A huge thanks to Dr. Silverman and all involved in the production of this course!
Personal research is needed in order to complete the quizzes and participate in the forum debate. Other than that ( which is not bad at all) the course is excellent and explanations and videos are clear and helpful. It is my first contact with ancient Egypt and won't be the last. I'm enrolling in the next one. I also liked there's a great amount of photographs many of them from the Penn Museum collection.
As a student of history I can say that this course is fantastic. It is well collated and presented in an attractive way, and there are adequate free online study material provided with each module to supplement the videos. The most exciting part of the course is the sneak peak that you get in the Penn Museum collection of Ancient Egyptian artifacts and also the various other photographs in each video.
Of the courses I've taken through Coursera, Introduction to Ancient Egypt and Its Civilization is, by far, my favorite. My interest in Ancient Egyptian civilization began in early childhood and has stuck with me ever since (I'm in my forties now).  Dr. Silverman's lectures are very engaging and highly informative, always leaving you feeling excited for the next lecture. He really knows this subject!
The course was a very comprehensive Introduction into Ancient Egyptian history. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in this great civilisation. The lectures were well thought out, engaging and relevant to meeting the course assessment criteria. I sincerely thank the team at Coursera, the Penn Museum and David Silverman for their efforts in putting together such a great course!
Seriously loved this course. Dr. David P. Silverman has explained things in a simple yet effective manner and its really interesting to learn so many new things about the Ancient Egyptians that I never knew before. I really look forward to more courses like these before I am finally of age to go to college, so I can learn more about the favorite topic right here, right now,Thank you so much :)
I really enjoyed this course and have now begun the second course offered on Ancient Egypt that delves into the art and hieroglyphs. Dr. Silverman is a very informative teacher and provided a good foundation in the course. I did not find it intermediate level as I found the quizzes easy, but perhaps that just means I am on that level lol. I learned some new things that I enjoyed.
This course gave me a wonderful insight into the ways of Ancient Egypt. The lectures with Dr. Silverman were clear, concise, and highly interesting. I found myself thinking of the different topics of the week, even when I wasn't working on the course. I would definitely recommend this course to others, and I would likely take it again. Thank you so much for offering this!
The course was pretty interesting and the lectures were engaging most of the time. I learned many things I was oblivious of before. It was quite interesting to participate in the forums as well because the questions made one think deeply about many different things. I am glad I took the course, I'm quite satisfied with my grade and results.
I really loved this course, as someone who has always been greatly fascinated by Ancient Egypt  and had wanted to pursue some form of education in Egyptology that I could do alongside the other things in my life and I would definitely recommend this. I really enjoyed the lectures and will be doing more of these courses in the future <3
I love to learn about colossal pyramids, imposing temples, golden treasures, enigmatic hieroglyphs, powerful pharaohs, strange gods, and mysterious mummies are features of Ancient Egyptian culture that have fascinated me so much.  I hope in the future could reach more information about priest. Thanks In-depth knowledge of the course.
Thank you so much David and all involved. I thoroughly enjoyed this short course and have a deeper understanding of Egyptian life, history and their conception of the world and the afterlife. Your lectures were full of interesting information and clearly communicated and they spurred me to further research aspects of the topic.
Great as an introduction to the world of ancient Egypt. I enjoyed every session massively and the simplicity in the running order of the information flow. There is so much more to learn and the sources to further research and information are provided throughout the course. Doctor Silverman is very sympathetic and knowledgeable.
Really enjoyed this class. I recommend reading the suggested books (majority are free of charge) but also purchasing Dr. Silverman's book Ancient Egypt which is a staple in Egyptology classes. I only wish there would be more classes such as this one that would go in more detail and depth (a bit like level 2, 3 and so on).
Great course for introduction to Ancient Egypt! An extensive amount of information pertaining to the the ancient civilization, and Dr. Silverman explain everything with great understanding! One of the best courses I have ever taken! Will definitely be recommending to all my colleagues! Thank you for the great course!
Wonderful course! I loved Dr. Silverman's lectures and the photos of artifacts from the museum. It was well presented and I hope I can revisit this course to watch it again just for the pleasure of doing so. There were many links for more information made available as well. I thoroughly enjoyed the entire course.
I had fun while completing this course. It was interesting getting an inside look into the Egyptian Collection at Penn University, and Silverman's lectures were on the point and sharp. My lifelong interest in Ancient Egypt has been rekindled and I look forward to learning more! Thanks for letting me participate.
The course was excellent and it can be very useful for non-Egyptians who wish to discover ancient Egyptian history and although I'm Egyptian and although I know much about the history of my country, I really benefited from this course and had the opuurtunity to discover more facts about Ancient Egyptian history
I really enjoyed this course.I learned so much. I would like to know the correct answers to the quiz questions that I answered incorrectly.Maybe that can be added in future courses.Professor Silverman was a wealth of knowledge .The quizzes were great and the chapters were so informative.Arelly great course.
This is an amazing course for anyone who is passionate to know more about the ancient Egypt civilization. You also have reading material and links that provide you with more detailed information. The course has a lot of visual and symbols and by the  end you start to recognize certain symbols by your know.
Usually when I take a "history" course, I expect a chronological listing of facts.  Instead, I found an very interesting presentation centering around different cultural aspects of the ancient Egyptian history.  I was stimulated by the course, and really enjoyed it.  Thank you for the quality presentation.
It is an extremely good course from which I have benefitted immensely. I have been introduced to the idea of Egyptology. It is easy to understand and assimilate. I am certainly better equipped in Egyptology as a result of this course and it has also generated my interest for further studies in this area.
This course was very enlightening. It stayed with the main Kings and more historically important times and stayed away from minor, unimportant times and dynastys. Very well done and interesting all the way through it. The course instructor was relaxed, knowledgeable and knes when to get the point across.
That was outstanding. Learned so very much. Loved being able to see the artifacts, etc. Explanation and the delivery of information was at a perfect pace. Would highly recommend this course to anyone wanting an excellent overview of Ancient Egypt.  Loved the mummy stuff as well as the visit the lab!
The skills that someone can aquire in brief:approaching a vast time period critically through keystonesidentifying the most important pharaohs and the monuments connected to themrealising and respecting the significance of different opinions -perceptions in order to decipher the code called "Egypt"
Knowing nothing about ancient Egypt except for pure words like "mummies, pyramids, sphinx, curses, pharaohs...", I took this course out of curiosity. And every word have become concrete when I progress in this course under Prof. Silverman's instruction and tour in the Penn museum. This has been a
Highly recommended course.  Dr Silverman is a great teacher of this.  If you have an interest in history you should take this.  I liked the many shorter videos instead of 1 or 2 long ones.  It broke up the lecture so all the information given could sink in before moving on to the next subject.
This course is a dynamic and detailed introduction to Egyptology, aided by examples from artifacts in the Penn Museum. It's delicately and appropriately paced and I came out of it having learned immensely about this civilization and aspects of its culture and legacy. Highly recommend!
I had a lot of fun learning this course. As a student of Art and also being a museum geek, it will help me a lot in future to explain others regarding the Ancient Egyptians. Thank you so much Coursera for existing and bringing in universities like Penn into the online learning forum.
Wonderful Introduction from Professor David Silverman. Beautifully structured course with distinctive sections covering Kingdoms, Pharaohs, God and Goddesses, Mummy's and  Mummification. Strongly recommend this course as a stepping stone in Egyptology. Thank You Professor Silverman.
This was a fantastic course, taught by a very experienced professor. The videos and script, which followed with images and parts of the museum, really helped in making come together with concept and context. It was an excellent course and I would highly recommend it to anyone.
The course provided comprehensive knowledge about Egyptian History and has increased my appetite to know even more about it so that I may progress towards my aim of becoming a historian/archaeologist. It has increased my hunger of acquiring more knowledge about ancient times.
This course is truly wonderful, I found with it a very large amount of documented information about the ancient Egyptian civilization to the degree of fascinated me, and made me feel  information poverty about my country civilization ..
The way the subject is taught is great
Excellent course and wonderful instructor. The course left me wanting more! The only criticism I have is the abysmal state of the transcripts (in terms of accuracy, grammar, coherence, they all left much to be desired). And that is my ONLY criticism -- this course is great!
Provided great background info on the culture and revealed new perspectives-I learned a great deal about how diverse and dynamic the legacy of ancient Egyptian civilizations are and gained better fact-based knowledge that contradicted some of the info I learned in the past.
I hoped when I started this course that I would develop a framework for understanding and building on knowledge about Ancient Egypt. The course gave a useful taster of different elements of this fascinating society and has inspired me to learn more.  Exactly as I hoped.
Thank you! Actually it was great time i've spent with this course, it takes 3 days and partly my knowledge in these sphere. Also I want to say, that Penn museum is really great, and I wish every worker and museologist a lot of new artefacts and professional inspiration.
This course, along with Introduction to Ancient Egypt and its Civilization, was an excellent introduction to Egyptology, particularly given the amount of information packed into a relatively short course. I feel much more knowledgeable about this topic than before.
This course was very well taught and easy to understand. Everything was explained well and covered exactly what it said, an introduction to Ancient Egypt. Don't expect minute detail on random subjects, though that would be fascinating. Entertaining, easy, and basic
I took this course for fun, and I really enjoyed it. I learnt so much, and its all very interesting. Sometimes I wish I was there to witness the rise and fall of Egypt, and all their customs. Egypt has been one of my favorite old civilizations, and always will be.
I loved the course thoroughly and I would recommend it to anyone who has an interest in the Egyptian civilization and want to delve in deep. I was awed by how beautifully Dr. Silverman explained it. Thanks to him and the Penn Museum for coming up with this course.
Dr. Silverman is clear and easy to follow, and I appreciated the many suggested readings that were available online from various institutions. As with any good introduction/overview, it left me more interested and wanting to study the subject in more depth.
Dr. Silverman thanks a lot! you made me to open my brain once again. I loved all explanation on mummified. This course help me to continue my path on my research in América. Thanks, once again. I will continue studying any course based on ancient cultures.
This course has further provided me a more in-depth knowledge and understanding of ancient Egyptian life and culture as well as their beliefs and monumental architecture. Thank you very much Dr Silverman and Penn University for providing this course.  : )
Excellent Course.  Thoroughly enjoyable, highly informative and a first-class learning experience! I recommend this to anyone who is interested in the subject and wants to get a good understanding of the key timelines and concepts of Ancient Egypt
This course was interesting and easy to follow. I had no prior knowledge of Ancient Egyptian culture or history but now have some concept of how the culture changed over time and general trends in the historical periods. Thank you Dr. Silverman!
I really enjoyed the course. I gave a great overview of the subject matter as which allowed the student to obtain much more information that just a high level overviews. The companion book and suggested additional reading were quite interesting.
enjoyable course I have watched a lot of egyptian documentaries and had a keen interest in the topic and would like to do more study but notice there is not a lot of classes and specialised courses in this in australia which is a real shame.
I liked the video's very much, especially seeing all the artifacts that were tied to the subject matter, it helped give the information more perspective.  I also loved the additional readings.  Thank you for such an informative class.
Great introductory course, with a wide vision of the ancient Egyptian culture. A delighful walk through the misteries and wonders of Pharaohs and his ancient country. Recommended for beginners who want to inmmerse in Egyptian culture.
This is an amazing and excellent course. Many thanks to Prof. Silverman and his team for this wonderful experience. I definitely want to attend more courses in Egyptology. Grateful for this unique opportunity to attend a Penn course.
still remember things from the course over  a year after I completed it!  I did not know I could leave  a review then, so doing so now.  I visited the Egyptian part of the British Museum and was able to understand it all much better!
This course provided valuable information I needed for book research. The lecturing was delivered pretty deadpan and the transcript was not always correct, but otherwise it was good. I learned a lot. Would highly recommend the class!
I thoroughly enjoyed the course. The lectures were informative, with a slight bit of humour thrown in. Great phots that synced well with the lecture. The extra reading was informative. I plan on continuing to the next course.
Very informative and professional in the way the information was presented. Additional reading materials after each week's videos were helpful! I definitely learned a lot more about Ancient Egypt with the help of this course.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. Dr. David Silverman was an excellent instructor. So knowledgeable and put the information in understandable terms. I loved the extra resources, and the Penn artifacts. Thank you so very much.
Very interesting course. I think it's a great place to start your journey through human history. The course is not too fast paced, provides subtitles and is generally easy to understand. Try it, you won't be disappointed.
I am very happy to get my certificate from the University of Pennsylvania in this course. This course has many important topics that can help me in my further education.Thanks you sirThank you University of Pennsylvania
This class interesting and not too difficult. Learned much about the Ancient Egypt basics. I would be interested in taking more classes about Egypt if they were to come available, like what was their daily life like.
It was a very informative course> I have always been interested in Ancient Egypt and it was a class not available to me while in college. The videos and exhibits along the way made it easy to understand the content.
I found this course fascinating, I first became interested in Ancient Egypt when I was younger and this course was perfect for me to do at home. I look forward to following on with the other courses in this series.
A very good basic overview.  Good intro level content for someone coming to the subject for the first time. Certainly I am not an Egyptologist now but I am certainly more knowledgeable of Egypt than when I started.
This course is a terrific introduction to study of Ancient Egypt. Having traveled to Egypt twice, the information in this course allowed me to remember those trips with a renewed enthusiasm to return a third time.
Egyptian civilization always seems like a mystery to me. I always feel an interest towards this culture. Thanks to the University of Pennsylvania for launching this awesome course. I am really impressed. Just WOW.
I learned a lot about the mysterious pyramids, mummies, deities and how the ancient society worked under the lead of their kings and gods. I think it is really useful if someone wants to know about this country.
Loved the course. Very informative and lots to learn. Quizzes are simple and as long as you remember the lecture material, you'll be fine. The instructor is a LITTLE dry but he has a ton of information to give.
I want to thank Dr. Silverman and his colleagues to bring that amazing course to us. And I wish there would be more courses on Ancient Egyptian topic as well. Thank you for this wonderful experience.Erdi Ekinci
Extremely Insightful and really helped learn many things. Though I am an Aerospace Engineer my predilection for History has never gone away. This course definitely fulfilled my thirst for knowledge of History.
Endlessly fascinating for an Egypt junkie like me!  There's not much coverage of Egyptian language and writing overall, but that material is available elsewhere.  The glimpses of Penn's collection are a treat.
I've loved this entire course but have noticed that on the English subtitles not every name matches what's been said by Silverman. Other than that it's been a fun ride and I'd definitely recommend this course.
This course really delves into Ancient Egypt. David Silverman also taps into the Egyptian mindset and makes links between their rituals and beliefs about the world, which makes the lessons a fresh experience.
This course was enlightening, to say the least. Dr. Silverman is very knowledgeable in his field and every time he mentioned some artifact in the Penn Museum, it made me more and more interested in visiting.
Excellent video lectures by David Silverman within a stimulating environment of the Penn Museum. Would thoroughly recommend to anyone interested in learning a basic overview of themes in Egyptian history!
It's great and so much informative. Already cleared my confusions about the early history of Egyptian evolution in a short time historical presentation.Thank you so much to the instructor and coursemates.
Very good introductive course, covering all the Egyptian topics which tend to appear in popular culture in a systematic and intriguing way. Plus the good overview of Egyptian history in the ancient times
I loved the course. I'd strongly suggest, though, that some debate about how Africa was deprived of their Egyptian material legacy could take place - perhaps as a separate module at theeee ending.
It was amazing to delve in the glorious history of Ancient Egypt . I loved to learn about the kings, queens and the monuments which defined the definite past. I will rate it 100/100!
What a wonderful experience and professor. I've had an interest in Ancient Egypt since I was a child and feel so much more informed and eager to learn more in his following courses.
This is a great course about Ancient Egypt. I went right into the next course "Wonders of Egypt". I also love the Penn Museum in Philadelphia which inspired me to take this course!
The course is just like a documentary because it presents students with artifacts stored in museums. Students can definitely learn better when they see this eye-catching artifacts.
The best and most comprehensive course I have ever attended. Thumbs up! Many Thanks to the University of Penn for such and opportunity and coursera for the access. Humbly grateful
This course offered by University of Pennsylvania had very much helped me in knowing the Egyptian civilization. The course plan and the method of teaching was immensely helpful.
I absolutely loved this course!  Professor Silverman does a great job explaining the content and shows examples found at the museum.  I hope he offers more courses on coursera.
Learned more then I could have wished for, this is the best course I have had on Ancient Egypt.  Thank you Professor David P. Silverman, you made this class very interesting.
Mr. Silverman is very comprehensible and speaks slowely during the videos, which is very helpful for processing the information given. The course is very well structured.
I liked the video lectures a lot, but I wish there was more specific recommended reading for each video instead of the end. Also - show more of what they do in the lab!
The most amazing course I have ever taken. SO full of information and actual lab accessibility to learn and understand what we have discovered of the Ancient Egyptians.
Learned and satisfied my curiosity on a number of topics and subjects. I recommend this course for anyone who is seeking the basic knowledge on Egyptian civilization.
it was a pleasure to learn from Dr Silverman. Thoroughly chosen and very interesting information on Ancient Egypt. Great site with great choice of courses. Thank you!
Dr. Silverman the the content in this course is wonderful. Thanks for the great videos and thought-provoking questions. Please give us more courses on Ancient Egypt.
This was a very interesting course , well presented with excellent reading materials. I have enjoyed learning about ancient Egypt very much. Thanks to all the team.
Great introduction! Very dynamic and interesting overview of this fascinating culture. It would be great to have an advance course on these topics (or many of them)
I found this course a joy to complete - yes its demanding. I suggest you pay close attention to the video's you really need to think and listen. superb structure.
Really interesting. I am already an experienced archaeologist, but Egyptology was missing from my previous studies. This was a really good chance to catching up.
This course is recommendable for anyone who wants to begin to study the Ancient Egypt word. It contains very interesting videos and readings! I have enjoyed it!
This is the best overview course about Ancient Egypt civilisation I could dream of. Mr Silverman brings reliable information and can transmit his passion well.
The course provides a good overview, a lot information, spurs to acquire also a good iconographic knowledge of the subject and reason about the main concepts.
Very interesting overview of Egyptology, good videos which feature artifacts in the Penn museum.  Thanks to Dr Silverman for making this course available.
An excellent class! I strongly recommend it to everyone. It helped me a lot to understand fundamental aspects of Ancient Egypt Civilation. Very helpful!!!
Lots of depth in this course from a highly respected Egyptologist expert and Professor.Really liked the last video where they look at a mummy in the lab.
learned a lot about Egypt which is total vacancy in my knowledge before taking the course and helped in greater understanding of Penn Museum's collection
Excellent. A load of new things to know. Helps a lot to understand the diversity and the way of life of people who are ancient and also most intelligent.
This course is really a good introduction to Ancient Egypt. I learn a lot of general information about Ancient Egypt and additional interesting topics.
Touching on chronology , kingship , mythology , mummies and pyramids while informing and amazing this has been one of the most enjoyable courses ever .
Taking this course has reminded me of why I love history. Ancient Egypt gave me a passion for history, this course has reminded me of that. Thank you.
Fantastic course! Absolutely loved it and it was very easy to follow. I learnt a lot and it has increased my desire to learn more about Ancient Egypt.
Every topic related to ancient Egypt has been covered.Everything which i wanted to know about its civilization and ancient god of Egypt learnt here.
Very interesting introduction to the Ancient Egypt, It was a wonderful way to learn about the pharaohs and others important things of Ancient Egypt.
A quick but thorough introduction to Ancient Egypt, with the added bonus of serving as an introduction to the Penn Museum's Ancient Egypt collection
I am inspired to travel to visit Penn Museum.  I hope to soon.  Thank you for the course, I would take more in this field in the future if offered.
I do have now a better, complete, chronicle view on Ancient Egypt and wish I could have this knowledge before our family visit in Egypt in 2005.
I enjoyed this class, the last videos about the mummification process were particularly interesting and really humanized this ancient culture.
I enjoyed the course a lot. It gave me a structured introduction and I learned new aspects of ancient Egyptian history I did not know before.
Was an easy to follow format. Learned a lot and reviewed some material.  Would love to go to the Univ, of Penn to see their Egyptian exhibit.
i really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot. having the lectures inside the museum was great. i also really enjoyed the session in the lab.
I loved the course. Something new I got to learn.The professor was very good and explained everything properly.Overall I enjoyed very much .
Very interesting happening, enriching general treasure, expanding knowledge of the history of ancient Egypt, and very interesting, thank you
This course was very interesting. I feel very lucky to get this opportunity to understand more some of the old Egypt mysteries. Thank you !
Thank you for that course, I was really waiting for it to appear in Coursera. A lot of new information, looking forward to the next course!
Excellent diversion from contemporary ordeals and a joy to consider how much our society shares in common with ancient Egypt.Thanks much!
I really enjoyed this course and I will miss Dr SIlverman's voice. This course made me eaer to kearn more about Ancient Egypt. Thank you.
It's a great course I have completed. I have the answers of many of my questions about the Egyptian civilization. Thanks a lot coursera.
This was a great class to learn the basics of Ancient Egypt without feeling overwhelmed. I enjoyed the lectures from David Silverman.
Excellent intro to the basic principals of Ancient Egypt.  The reading assignments add to the enjoyment.  The text is also excellent.
This course was incredibly informative and the thorough integration of real artifacts was a pleasure. Thank you, Professor Silverman!
Wonderful course! It was very insightful and interesting, and I can't wait to take it's sister course, "Wonders of Ancient Egypt"!
Very enlightening class. I got a lot of good information out of the lectures. Hopefully I get to visit the Penn Museum someday :)
I learned more than I ever knew, even as an avid museum goer and Egypt enthusiast, and loved the videos and museum pieces shown!
A great introduction into the Ancient Egypt! You get to know the basics about pyramids, mummies, gods, and life in then-Egypt.
Really enjoyed this course. I have a lot of Egyptian history and this course helped me organize it and better understand it.
Couldn't have found a better course than this to get started on the Egyptian civilization. Very well taught by Mr. David.
Insightful and well developed. I throughly enjoyed this course and look forward to taking Wonders of Ancient Egypt next!
This course presents an excellent introduction for ancient Egypt. For the beginners like me, it can't be better. Thanks!
I would like to thank this course for giving me opportunity to learn and discover more about the Egyptian Civilization .
Fantastic introduction to Ancient Egypt. Thought provoking and well researched. Has increased my interest in Egyptology.
If you're obsessed with the Ancient Egyptian history, do take this course. It is brilliant! Enjoyed every second of it!
Wondefrul course, the teacher is brilliant I love the teacher and his lessons. Mani thanks professor David P. Silverman
Very put together course. I would have enjoyed it to go a little more in detail, but for an introduction it was great.
I feel that I have learned a lot from this course. I am a historian and plan on using this knowledge in the future.
It was very interesting and the Professor was very knowledgable.  I enjoyed the course work and readings.Thank you.
This is an extremly intrested couse it talkes about pharohs, gods, and the best of all mumification and after life!
Amazing course i learnt a lot about egyptian history. Dr Silverman lectures were very interesting and informative,
I really liked this course and how it gave me a week by week teaching of ancient egypt. It was really interesting!
Thank you so much for the wonderful lessons, sir. Definitely a great course whoever craves to learn about Egypt
A brilliant, concise and fascinating mix of history, archeology and ideas beautifully presented by Dr Silverman
Great basic course for those who want a brief introduction to the world of Ancient Egypt. enjoyed it very much!
It was really a fun and interesting time to participate in this course! Absolutely loved it! Thank you to all!
It was a very well researched course. Excellent faculty and resources were used during the duration of course.
I enjoyed the course.  I think it was a really good introductory overviiew of this very dynamic civilization.
Great course, the material was very good. I didn't get a chance to check the book recommended for the course.
I really enjoyed the course, there was a variety of topics covered and viewpoints on those different topics.
Dr Silverman rekindled my love for egyptology. The visual demonstrations and the lectures were captivating.
I loved this course. It was taught with enthusiasm and there were lots of illustrative examples of objects
Excellent course.  The course textbook is referred to as a reference for several egyptology publications.
An interesting course very well organised and led by professor David P. Silverman. I highly recommend it.
I thoroughly enjoyed this excellent course. I am now very keen to continue learning about Ancient Egypt.
Fantastic course, I learned a lot and am very grateful to be able to expand my knowledge in this area.
Dr. David Silverman is just great. I learned much about Ancient Egypt, even in an introductory course.
Very lively and documented course.English slow enough for good understanding by foreigners.Enjoyable.
ı really like the course and the professor Silverman. ı learnt a lot from him. thanks for everything.
Great intro - was able to complete quickly due to easily accessible and interesting subject matter!
Very informative and interesting! I would love more courses on Ancient Egypt from this University
very intesting. what i like most is the collateral readings, very helpful for ancient egypt fans.
This was very interesting and informative course on Egyptian mystery and purpose of their faith.
Mr. Silverman is such a good teacher and charismatic! Also bought his book, i highly recommend!
Good course - interesting information giving a broad background of key topics in Ancient Egypt.
Fantastic and interesting course! Really enjoyed the interaction with the Penn Museum displays
This course is Informative, fascinating and interesting. I enjoyed it and plan to take another
Excellent teacher and to be able to see important pieces in the Penn Museum was a plus. Thanks
A very well made Intrroduction.It sparks interesst for further studies and was fun to follow.
An excellent introduction to the huge topic of Ancient Egypt. I plan to take the next course.
Very interesting course.  I was surprised to find how little I knew about Ancient Egyptians.
It has a lot of interesting information and make me to be a more curious person about Egipt
Great course and very informative. This was a wonderful overview of Ancient Egypt. Thanks!
Very good introduction to Ancient Egypt and its civilisation. I do recommend this course.
very informative. Dr. Silverman presents the information in a very clear and concise way.
Loved this course!  There is loads of information, very detailed and well paced delivery.
Course is a great introduction to Ancient Egypt, format and outline is well thought out.
I loved this course. Always very interested in the rights and rituals of ancient Egypt.
Pretty nice class, not too hard, and explained many different aspects of ancient Egypt
a perfect and quick course about ancient Egypt .. very recommended as an introduction
It was very interesting, I think that is a basic course to learn about ancient egypt
This course is thoroughly enjoyable and covers and great deal!! Highly recommended!
the course is simple but effective, you learn a lot in a short time and very easily
Really interesting and it gave me a good overview of the Ancient Egypt. Thank you!
Loved doing this course. The knowledge I now have will help me teach my students.
Amazing course! I would definitely recommend people taking this wonderful course.
Very Systematic structure of the course, very simplified , easily understandable.
Really enjoyed taking this course it was very fascinating but easy to understand.
A great introduction - very enjoyable! Would definitely like to continue further.
Very nice and interesting course, to learn more about  Egypt history and culture.
This course was amazing, it was like travelling to the Ancient Egypt. Thank you!
Very interesting course. Handles many aspects of ancient Egypt. Enjoyed it a lot
Excellent Course I really found it interesting and history is super fascinating
I loved taking this course. Congratulations to the team for the excellent work.
Greatly enjoyed the course! (as did my toddler, who watched most of it as well)
David I enjoyed the course and I will purchase my certificate later this month.
I loved it, it is very concise and a good way iniciate in the egytian history.
Interesting course- I learned a lot. The lab video was especially interesting!
A very enjoyable and concise course delivered in manageable bite sized chunks.
Interesting narrative with great video, the recommended book was very helpful.
I enjoyed the course very much.  It was a great introduction to ancient Egypt
Precise and straight-to-the-point! I'd love to study in more advanced course.
Very interesting and learned a lot that I had not known about ancient Egypt.
Lectures are very short, but there are many.  Very informative despite this.
An excellent way to introduce oneself to the wonders of Egypt, its history.
An fantastic course with plenty of informative information that is current.
Superb course! Those interested in history and its specifics must take it.
Thank you 🙏Most enjoyable course, well presented and the material was A1.
I have enjoyed this interesting course about my beloved country, thank you
Very informative. Thoroughly enjoyed it and all the clips from the museum
Great, introductory and well developed course, grateful to have taken it!
I liked that the lectures were divided and organized into specific areas.
Very well presented, easy to follow and I found the material interesting
This course was very informative and I learnt a lot of new information.
Great class, I have a huge understanding for the basics now- thank you!
great class for people who are interested in Egyptian culture and gods
It was great and easy to understand.   I definitely learned something.
Very informative and further elaborates on topics of only heard about.
This is my first course from coursera and it turned out to excellent.
magnificent and serious introduction to the history of ancient egypt
It is a very nice and useful course, I've learned a lot, thank you!!
I liked so much!! Thank you Dr. Silvermann. It's was amazing course.
I love taking this class. A lot of wonderful information.Thank you!
Fantastic course that provides a great general overview of Ancient
Great. Need to do this a few times to catch up with everything...
Fascinating survey course of Egyptian life, death, and folk-lore.
fantastic really enjoyed this interesting and informative course
The book for the course is excellent and helps with the quizzes.
Excellent course to introduce the Ancient Egyptian civilization.
Excellent introduction to the world of the Ancient Egyptians!
Thank you ，professor！I really learned a by taking the lesson.
Amazing course, really fantastic! Detailed but not complex!
Interesting introduction by a very accomplished instructor
Amazing intro about Ancient Egypt !!  I want to learn more
Excellent information. I have really enjoyed this course.
Fascinating and easey to follow. Great lecturer. Loved it
It was quite good for an introduction course, thank you.
Amazing course which gives a lot of useful information.
Amazing course, it´s really amazing how he explains it.
EXCELLENT COURSE FOR THE HISTORY LEARNERS AND TEACHERS
A WONDERFULL INTRODUCCION TO A MARVELOUS CIVILIZATION
It was a awesome course. I love the Egyptian culture
Excellent in both teaching and information provided
Loved it. Great beginner course for ancient Egypt!
Can't wait for the Wonders follow up to get going.
Very informative, and easy for beginners to grasp!
I enjoy this course, Wish it was a little longer,
Very great course. I learned too much. Thank you.
It was an unforgettable weekend with this course!
Very informative, I recommend taking this course
would love to see a continuation of this course,
Very Nice and Informative! Very good professor!
Fantastic introduction course, I learned a lot.
Great and interesting course! Highly recommend!
Great course very informative and fun to learn
Love this course! I was able to learn a lot :)
Perfect! Really very interesting and complete!
Really enjoyed every aspect of this course. T
Good course with enjoyable interesting topics
I enjoyed the course, I have learnt a lot and
Good presentation that was very informative.
Perfect and interesting! I'll pass it again!
Enjoyed thoroughly! Thank you Dr. Silverman.
Loved the course and leaned tons!  Thank you
Brilliant intro to a very interesting topic.
Very impresive and well informative course.
An superb presentation of Egyptian culture.
Highly recommend - instructor is very wise
I learned so much this is a great course!
Excellent course and very easy to follow.
i loved it. a very informative course!!!
It was amazing course. Thank you so much
It's a great i benefited a lot from it.
Very interesting and easy-going course!
Amazing teacher and an amazing course!
I enjoyed the course and learnt a lot.
Outstanding Course. Highly recommended
Great introduction, easy to understand
This was really great and informative
Very interesting and very enjoyable!
Love this course. I learned so much.
Great introduction to Ancient Egypt.
brilliant for wanna be egyptologists
I LOVED this course! So interesting!
Thank you! Very interesting course.
very very very interesting course!
I have so much fun in this course.
fascinating and very educational!
Very professional and informative
Really interesting ...Thank you!
Clear, consice, very nourishing!
Really interesting information!!
So informative and such an encou
Amazing , i really enjoyed it .
The course is just awesome!!!!
excellent thanks for your help
great class, very informative
A really fascinating course.
Beautiful Delivery and Tests
Veryintrestingandalottolearn
Learnt new things thank you
Rich and very interesting!
Loved it so interesting!!!
It was verte interesting
Definitely worth taking!
well done introduction
It was pleasure to me
informative and fun!!
Brilliant thank you
Excellent teacher.
Wonderful intro
