A bit difficult in terms or using very complicated words....
The course was very informative. It was definitely geared more for people already in the dental field, rather than students who were hoping to just get a taste of it, but I still found it very useful. Quizzes and the final exam had some difficult questions, but you could retake them as many times as needed, which was very useful. There were a couple glitches: full-screen viewing always stopped about 30 seconds before each lecture ended and the "newly added lectures" had a few little glitches as well. Overall, the course was useful to learn about the dental field, I don't know if it was worth paying for the certificate, but it is worth taking the time to do the course.
Good introductory course for non-dentists. However, it could incorporate more modern technologies, such as 3D imaging, new orthodontic aligners and etc.
The content of this course is very useful and effective in our career. However, It can be updated with more clinical videos related to the dental specialties that illustrate the steps to be performed in each dental treatment. Finally, i'm very grateful to your great efforts and the scientific material you provided us.
This course is insightful into potential careers with dentistry and helpful in gaining an understanding of teeth and dental practices. As a Qualified Equine Dental Technician I can also recommend this course to any Veterinarians and para professionals wanting to further their knowledge in the world of Dentistry.
I learned very much from this course. However, I believe that the Final Exam should have a type of study guide to help students in learning have confidence. This course is good for those who are interested in having a dental career.
I am only 16, and yet I was able to complete this course with ease. Its great for if you want an insite into Dentistry. I would really recommed it, I thoroughly enjoyed the content.
Really helped me a lot in learning the basics of dental medicine. Thanks to coursera and learned experts of dental medicine to organize such courses.
Very informative course... i had gained much knowledge regarding oral health.....thanks to the teachers and practitioners of oral health .
one can also add everyday pharmacology related to dentistry. overall a very summarised introduction and helps revising basics.
It is quite helpful for everyone but for professionals it is superficial and I wanted it to be more explanatory with examples.
The last 2 chapters or weeks are very long, at some point it became boring and mentally exhausting.
Thank you for such great course ...it really enhanced my knowledge and interest towards dentistry
great effort, thanks very much i hope there will be advanced course for dental professionals
I wish they had more exciting information. It was basically a revision to everything I took.
It was not too hard and gave me a good reason to get up and do my work every day.
I liked the course ,but get rid of the introductory music ,too long and annoying
It was a wonderful experience learning this course. Thanks!
OKPresentation a little 'robotic'
I am glad to do this course.
Questions were too hard.
I am going to the Dentist School and I feel like this is a very beneficial course that introduced me perfectly to the dentistry sea. It's really awesome.Thank you Pennsylvania university!
The course is very informative and well organized. I am a dentist and got an opportunity to brush up my basics. Thank you to the faculty of UPenn. I will highly recommend this course to the dental students and dentists.
Hello, i'M currently a  4th year dental student from Malaysia, and this course is much relevant and able to  provide an overall aspect to the dentistry course . Highly recommend to 2nd year dental student before entering their clinical year/ Foundation student who are interested in dentistry ( might be hard for u guys tho ). Hoping for more specialized dental course , ( endo, prostho, ortho ) in near future from your university, please do remind me if there's advanced dental course .  Thank you and much appreciated.
This was worth my time! The lessons are in the form of videos, and I must say, they are quite organized and detailed. I loved it so much, that I'm now tackling their next course. The Oral Cavity: Portal to Health and Disease.
Great overview of issues encompassing the patient assessment and management in the general dental practice underpinned by theoretical basis of health and disease supported by the latest evidence .
This course was of great help. In a short time, it refreshed my 5 years Bachelors in Dental Surgery.
Absolutely loved the course. Since I'm thinking about becoming a dental assistant, I wanted to know a little more about dentistry as a whole, and English not being my first language didn't get in the way, as this course is easy to follow, the subtitles and transcripts are extremely helpful, and the material is explained in great detail by amazing professionals. Certainly left me even more passionate about this field, thank you so very much!
I enrolled in this course looking for an introduction to supplement my current dental shadowing experience, but there is so much more. I really love the organization of the material. This course is thorough, and the instructors are great! I really wish there was more of an interaction with the instructors, but overall this is an amazing course and I loved it. I recommend all PreDental students to take this course!
Introduction to Dental Medicine was a well-thought out course which thoroughly exposes a learner to the field of dentistry. It's an excellent course for a student, patient, or professional interested in the interplay of dental health with overall health. The professors are knowledgeable and the material is understandable yet challenges you to really listen and learn. I highly recommend this course!
Amazing! This is a very well structured introductory class that will give you an accurate idea about the field of oral medicine and dentistry; they even covered advanced stuff like medication related osteonecrosis of the jaws. The intraoral/extraoral examinations were very valuable, insightful and easy to understand, even for a person with no related background. Great Job and thank you so much!
Introduction to dentistry is a great course. As a dental student I`ve learnt many new infromation that will help me on my way of becoming a dentist. For people aren`t connected with medicine or dentistry this course won`t be a trouble as information given by great teachers is simple, intersting and for sure useful. Thank you!
The course was so easy to understand and I loved the videos. Thank you very much to everyone who worked to make this course happen. Very grateful to Dr. Uri Hangorsky, Dr. Thomas P. Sollecito, Dr. Eric Stoopler, Dr. Katherine France. This was the only way i was in touch with dentistry during months of quarantine.
This course has provided me with the general basic knowledge I need in order to start an education on Dental Medicine. I highly recommend it for all those who are pursuing any Dental Medicine studies and also everyone who is concerned about their dental health and want to know more about the subject.
An excellent course that provides you with an overview of and an insight into the various areas of dental medicine. For me as a medical translator it was not only a great learning experience, but also added value to my business. I can only recommend this course to anyone interested in dentistry.
Excellent course for a beginner like myself! Sufficiently comprehensive, especially for someone like me who is taking this course for marketing purposes as I  work in the dental industry.  I highly recommend this as a foundation course for anyone wishing to get a good overview of the practice.
Thank you so much Penn Dental University for this wonderful opportunity. This course will be a great help in college, since I learned a lot in this 7-week long course. This could be my starter knowledge so that I'll just have to learn more in my college. Once again, thank you so much!
This course does a great job in providing a fundamental background of Dental Medicine to students at beginner-level. I have learnt valuable knowledge about Dental Health through basic informations taught by the experts. I highly recommend anyone taking this course!
This a course that is very informative in all aspects of the dental field. It gave insight on a lot of things while introducing and summarizing subjects. It is a good course and was very easy to course through. I would take another class like this in the future.
As a dental student at the University of Adelaide, I believe the content was very informative and reliable. The teaching method was also very efficient, systematic and engaging. Would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in the dental field.
I would like to say  I am thankful with Coursera and Pen for give this opportunity to learn essentials about dental medicine, I am a dentistry student and it has been very useful to take this course for strengthen and increase sound fundamental knowledge
I am about to start studying undergraduate Dentistry and this was an amazing course to do in preparation for that. Really informative and engaging with useful and regular topic tests to solidify understanding. Thoroughly enjoyed completing this course.
I completed this course today, and I just wanted to show my appreciation for all your efforts! I really enjoyed the way you guys constructed the videos and how you provided an outline on most of them. I appreciate your organization in each module
Great course! As a Pre-Dental student, I believe this is amazing to get a good idea of what Dental school is like and to make sure that this is what I like. I loved it and would totally recommend it to everyone that is curious about Dentistry.
These teachers are geniuses.They really have to study hard for all those years.  I never thought there was so much on the mouth, and so complex what there was.The course opens our mind, and I believe it makes appreciate more our dentist.
This course was so helpful , exciting , gave me a total idea about dentistry , specialties and made my studying  for dental medicine easier  .Thank you for giving us the opportunity to enroll for this course it was great step for me .
I find this course very interesting. Everything was explained in simple, but comprehensive way. I didn't know almost anything about dentistry when I started and I didn't have to repeat any lesson to understand the topic.  Great done.
I absolutely loved this course! As someone who plans on going to dental school soon, this course was a great way to  get my feet wet on a lot of topics. I definitely learned so much about dentistry that I had no idea about!
I have learned a lot from this course like how to be a good dentist, knowing the details of ever field and anything new in dentistry, being aware of fields you can work in it after graduation and knowing more about teeth.
Excellent class but A few spelling mistakes:  fluoride/ flouride??also grammar mistakes: affect/ effect;is/are. Probably could be more challenging. I'm looking forward to the next class you make. Thanks so much
I achieved a lot of knowledge! Its a wonderful course, Heartiest thanks to all stuff of coursera and All Honorable Teachers.Also thnx to Dr.Katherin Mam who gives Ans to our every Question. Love you all!
THE COURSE WAS AWESOME.IT HAS ALL THE NECCESSARY INFORMATION REQUIRED FOR A DENTIST TO REVIEW ALL WHAT HAS BEEN TAUGHT AT DENTAL  SCHOOL LEVEL.I THOROUGHLY ENJOYED MY TIME WHILE PURSUING THIS COURSE.
As a dental student, I would like to say that the course contributed a lot to the beginning of my career. I will certainly recommend it to many of my friends. I am very grateful for this opportunity
As a future dental student, this course taught me the basics and really gave me a broad insight into dentistry. I am very eager to learn everything taught here and more in dental school! Thank you!
Wonderful course for anyone interested to explore the different specialties in dentistry and also is a great opportunity to increase your background knowledge of what dentistry is really about.
Thorough knowledge of each and every aspect of dentistry specially how to rule out diagnosis and treatment accordingly.Special focus on orofacial pain and its diagnosis is really appreciable.
Thank you very much for this course. I learned a lot and it has helped me to refresh knowledge and gain new ones before restarting my dental studies that I had to pause for several years.
Good overview of dentistry. As a primary care doc I feel like I have a better understanding of the dental profession, appropriate referrals, and expectation management for patient care.
Excellent overview of the fundamentals of dentistry. This course gave me a great introduction into dental medicine and has helped me understand better the very basics from each module.
Thank you for this course :) it helps in upgrading my schooling as I have a medical office administration diploma and would help in pursing a job in the dentistry field. Amazing Course
It's an excellent course for beginners and someone who wants an insight into the US educational system. Some critical points are discussed in this course which is generally overlooked
Loved the class! The quizzes in the videos were very useful to catch up the information. I feel more confident now in choosing the dental specialty I want to pursue in the future.
A very thorough course that helped me learn more about the field that I am interested in! It was definitely a little bit difficult at some points but well worth the struggle.
Thank you so much for offering this informative, modern course. The information this course has to offer is invaluable and a great asset to anyone interested in dentistry.
I loved the learning process. I loved the specialized information. You can literally binge-watch all the videos if you want. Seamless navigation. Would highly recommend.
A very complete course, that integrates all the information needed in order to understand and gain the necessary knowledge in order to become a health care professional.
awesome course  that i highly recommend for dental students and also normal non-dental student thought they might find few difficulties in matching up with some terms :)
Although the final quiz was quite challenging, i found the course over the past 7 weeks to be quite remarkable and fascinating, thank you for this unique experience
It was a very insightful course, I really liked how well explained it was, and the fact that the professors have real life experience with what they are teaching.
Some parts are a bit tough for me, but on the whole, this course is informative and the content is well arranged. Thanks a lot for filming the online course!
Great course if you are looking at dentistry as a future career. Learned a lot within the 7 weeks and really appreciate the work to put this course together.
Thank you so much for the amazing lectures! I can't emphasize enough to say how the course really helped me to engage myself in the field of dental medicine!
Excellent course for beginners and practising dentists alike. Very detailed and informative. Looking forward to seeing more courses on dentistry.
I enjoyed the course specially flexible  timing, instructors way of teaching.  This course helped to improve my knowledge about dental medicine.
Highly recommend this course for all dental professionals. Even though I am a dental hygienist, I have learnt so much by taking this course. 5/5
A very interesting course thought by great tutors! I highly recommend this course to others who would like to gain more knowledge in dentistry.
This course provides an overview of dental medicine to educate, excite, and ... for further learning for those interested in dental education.
Excellent course, easy to understand, interesting and covers a lot about dental medicine. Hope whoever takes it, does pursue a dental career.
This lecture helped me expand my knowledge as well as my interest in dentistry. The professors were considerate in explaining each concept.
Not easy, not hard, just right for me to understand my dental health, and after so many years ignorance.Thanks so very much,Best Regards,
great exposure to someone who has zero experience regarding the dental field! clear explanation and wide variety of real life examples.
It is a very beneficial course for every dental student or dentists to overview and learn basic fundamental knowledge about dentistry.
Excellent course for Pre-Dental students interested in learning fundamentals. I put it on my application for dental school this cycle.
Absolutely magnificent! It enriched my passion for the dental field.  Will definitely recommend it to any aspiring dental student
It is a great course, if you are a dental student it helps you to refresh your knowledge, well explained , and great material.
Objective course and well illustrated, many case examples. Excellent course and very well organized. Highly recommend!
I like the way they try to give you all of the information ! I would totally recommend this to all of my friends!!
This course was phenomenal and I am glad I took part in completing it and receiving a certificate of completion.
As a pre-dental student, I really enjoyed taking this course. It was extremely informative and I learned a lot.
Very informative, I learnt a lot that will help me. I will now have a head-start when i join dental school !!
Amazing. Learned so much & gained insight on my future career. Assured me that this is the right path for me!
Such an amazing course with lots of description about our teeth. It does really go into each piece of depth.
I am a future Dental Hygienist and it was really really helpful course for me. very informative! Thank you !
A very interesting and enjoyable course. The lectures were very well presented and extremely easy to follow.
I learned so much more than I expected. It was amazing to hear from such a variety of dental professionals.
You work on your pace and the quiz questions definitely give you a good review of the material you learn.
Thank you! That course was amazing and fulled with infos, datas, pictures etc. I loved all lectures. :)
One sentence that sums it all: "This is a MUST NEED for Pre-Dental Student." From, a Pre-Dental Student
Incredibly informative and presented in a manner that is not only interesting but also digestible!
Such a nice course & well structured course! I learned so much about dentistry and patient care.
Much appreciated. an excellent course for the beginners as well as practitioners. Keep it up. :)
The course was great ! I would like to know when I am going to get my Certificate. Thank you
This course goes very in depth with all it's content, which i like. Great course thank you.
it was my first completed course. I am happy to be a member of this course. thanks upenn
Excellent course, although I did not find many disease entities that I was looking for !
Great overview of dentistry as a profession and the specialties that go along with it!
I have really enjoyed this course and got useful knowledges as a beginner in density!
the course is very well divided and includes many interesting informations and cases.
Excellent tutors that give a comprehensive introduction into the field of Dentistry.
This course was very informative and covered all the specialties in enough detail.
excellent. i will highly recommend it if you are thinking about any  dental field.
Very nice course for predental students like me! So happy that I have it in my CV!
I have learnt ALOT and i mean ALOT , so thank you alot for this awesome course.
Amazing course for beginners. The material is excellent and easy to follow :)
This course is packed with interesting and useful information for patients.
Loved this course! Learned so much can't wait to learn more with Coursera!
Very helpful. Good job Cousera & all the professors of Penn Dental School.
It was very well organized and structured course. Thoroughly enjoyed it!
This is an excellent course to review basic dentistry, wish you all best
Quite helpful, help me broaden my perspectives in my dentistry courses.
Lots of insight into different areas of dentistry, really interesting.
I really appreciate the hosts of this course. its been great helpful
Very useful to beginners who are not familiar with dental medicine!
Great course! I had fun and learned some basics of dental medicine
This course really helps me to understand the basic of dentistry
IThanks to everyone who contributed to this course very useful
A wonderful overview / introduction to the dental profession!
where I can find the resources of this course (ppt or pdf) ?
This is surely very inspiring coarse for my future concern.
Excellent course for those interested in the dental field.
very useful course I think every dentist must to take it
the course was helpful thank you so much for everything
very helpful course from great professors thanks alot
All about oral hygiene, their solution and much more.
Great experience! Very interesting and educational.
I loved this course, very helpful and interesting!
Awesome course for someone entering dental school!
It is a good opportunity to learn dental medicine.
Amazing overview of the field of dental medicine!
It encouraged me to dive deeper into the field.
Wonderful. Very instructive and easy to follow.
Straight to the point.Excellent piece of work.
It was very interesting and I learned a lot.
This course was very fun and easy to follow
This is a good  course I really enjoyed it
Very easy to follow and beginner friendly.
I learned the fundmentals of dental field
Nice one. Great insight into dentistry.
amazing modules for effective learning
Excellent introduction to dentistry!
thanks alot for your kindly efforts)
Totally interesting, learned a lot!
good course from  a good university
Really amazing & informative...🙂
learned a lot ! thankyou so much
Good Course, Lots of information
Superb course for the beginners
It is a interesting Course!
Informative and Educational
we need more dental courses
Amazing course 👌🏻👌🏻
great refresher course
I really liked it!
good course....
