This course on Marketing is a marketing disaster for WhartonOnline. This course made me understand atleast one thing in great clarity, that I should not waste money on Wharton courses. The amount of effort put into the course material, into the organization and flow of material (or lack thereof), and into the quality of videos and content delivery, would sum up right about to Zero. Needless to say, this review is going to be highly critical, since I expected some value and quality from a school like Wharton. Should you pay $95 for this course. I think they should pay you for wasting your time. The course tries to teach the importance of branding, and customer centricity, and personifies how not to do it.Here are some specific complaints I have with the course, in no particular order. You might not agree with all of them, and some might seem insignificant, but in any case, here they are :1. Platform : The entire course is just a series of videos, and plenty of them are over 15 minutes long. It's hard to imagine that students would be able to keep their attention, and grasp new and/or tough concepts with such an approach. A combination of text, figures, videos, and interactive exercises would have made it much easier to grasp the material2. Videos : High school kids can make multimedia of better quality. Videos consist of someone talking for several minutes, with occasional inclusion of presentation slides. Slides are no help either. It seems material is copied out of a text book, then pasted into a slide, and then integrated into a video. And then professor spends a few minutes reading out the text of the slides. The diagrams are lifeless, asymmetrical and does not help advance the understanding.3. Structure : The order in which videos are presented doesn't make sense. There is no structure to the material which would help you understand the concepts in a logical and progressive manner. Sometimes, the heading of the video does not even seem to match with the content. It feels all videos were filmed in an ad hoc fashion and then just put together in a random order.4. Discussion Forum is not a great help either. You would want to see more activity and brainstorming there, considering so many students take this course. But, there is no incentive for the students to share ideas and contribute, since passing the course does not depend on discussion forums. When "Mentors" reply to some answers, those answers seemed to be pasted out of a text book.   5. Quiz : In its current structure, there is no point of having a quiz at the end of the week. The goal should be assimilating or internalizing the material and concepts, not just pass the quiz. The course allows you to retake a quiz upto 3 times a week, so you don't really need to go through the videos at all. They don't check if you went through all the videos before taking the quiz. And they don't give you answers and explanation after the quiz is done, since then the students would always score 100% on the second try. If I can not even understand where my understanding lacks and fix it, why am I taking this quiz. 8. Final Exam : You can find answers to most questions by just searching the key phrase in the course material.  And they help you in doing that by telling you which Professor's videos you need to search. They don't test you on concepts, they test you whether you can remember what the Professor X meant when he/she made a statement Y. 9. Content Delivery: I found second week to be the best in terms of content delivery, but the rest of the weeks were more or less lacking. The examples or analogies given did not always match the concept introduced. If you read the transcript of the videos, the sentences spoken would not even make much sense. Many times, you can find the professor glancing down, as if looking at the laptop screen besides her, to read out the slides. The professor comes out as nervous and fidgety, which is very distracting, to say the least. If you are still reading this review, I hope you would spend your $95 on a subscription to a business magazine, or may be just on some good food. This course is definitely not worth it, and it 'll cost you more in your precious time.
The WORST course I have ever taken! Yet, it's the most expensive one! The course syllabus sounded interesting and it's from Wharton, that's why I signed up, but soon I discovered the course is not substantial, I finished this course in a week without gaining any stimulating Marketing knowledge that I have expected from Wharton. What a waste of money!!!
I was dissapointed by the fact that I cannot attempt quizes before paying. I intended to pass the course and buy a certificate when I'd find a payed job. But when I do it, I'll have to watch all the videos once again to pass the quizes. Besides this, the lecturers spoke a bit fast and not all the structures they told about were visualized.
The recording quality is odd. As if the voices have been manipulated. Also one of the professors has an odd way in communicating.
Absolute vapid bullshit. All you
business people are nauseating. Jargon, hot air and pseudo-science crap.
Positive: Many concepts and ideas are explained in a short, compact manner.  The content is easy to understand. The tests are fair (on the edge to being trivial).Negative: The course is not well structured and somewhat chaotic. No written material is available. No detailed case studies are available. The course "Introduction to Financial Accounting" is significantly better constructed and easier to follow.
Difficult to find out mistakes during quizzes and no added exercises and scenarios to gain more practice. The forum was too disjointed to be able to get any adequate info out of it and finding a direct contact to work with was a problem. Have a single or two contacts with Chat hours like an actual TA would be very helpful, I was all and all very disappointed in the layout and ability to resolve questions.
A lot of techniques for psychological manipulations, without any discussion of ethics for balance. Thus, Harrah's casinos are praised for identifying techniques to manipulate the mental accounting of gamblers, in order to "extract more value" from them. In that sense, it's a good course to take to be aware of these techniques when they are used against you.
I thought that the content in this course was an inch deep and a mile wide. Students would benefit from a deeper dive in any of the areas covered in this course (e.g., branding, go-to-market, customer centricity) and from more involved case studies that cement the ideas taught in the lectures.
The lectures were very long and tiring to sit through because of the slow pace and repetitiveness. There were some good concepts shared, but I feel like there was a lot of extra waste that could have been cut out to more be more efficient and spend more time focusing on the complex concepts.
Week 3 the instructor did not keep my attention could not understand him some time and the video was choppy
System is easy to use but resources are outdated and marketing has changed a lot in the past 9 years.
Too much jargon. Doesn't challenge you enough with the real life applications of marketing
Case study was useful. But the full course was cut short so it became too brief.
A lot of material is outdated and from 2013
I really enjoyed Professor Kahn's part of the course, and Professor Bell was good but his subject matter was less interesting to me. Professor Fader was unclear even after repeated viewings. The biggest problem with the course was the terrible editing. Sentences were cut off in the middle. Instructors would say they would talk about subject X next and the video would end. Mini-quizzes were given before the material was covered, and some questions on the final were never explained. It was clear that the course designer never watched the completed course to check if everything made sense.Because the organization was so bad, I decided not to complete the specialization. I expected better from an Ivy League school.
The course was just about average. Few observations:a) It was loosely structuredb) needed to have more practice quizzesc) would have been good if slides would have been made available so that one could refer to them for the final examd) week 3 was too long and too spread out into various topicse) content delivery seemed a bit archaic/classical, needed to be more engaging. For example, there could have been quizzes and case studies to drive home certain concepts esp around price sensitivity, elasticity, customer centricity.
It was a good refresher, but I expected more.More number of assignments and challenging exercises. Professor Raju was amazing and the case studies he analyzed were quite relevant and insightful. Professor Kahn was good as well, but it was more of theory and less of real-life examples. Also, less eye contact with the course-taker and more on the prompts was a major distraction for me. Professor Fader, again theory, theory and theory, and less of examples. Could have been much more interesting.
Slides used during the course were quite boring (too much
text), not captivating and were not handed over to the students. That made preparing
for the final exam extremely tricky. The content was basic but good enough for people with no
prior marketing knowledge.Although teachers are skilled and extremely clear in
introducing the concepts, the depth of the content did not convince me. I
expected a more “solid” introduction.
The course
covers some interesting concepts. As a complete newbie, I was very interested
to learn about three basic strategies a firm can use to excel in the market
(operations, product performance, customer centricity), the rational behind the
customer centricity importance was also very interesting. Unfortunately,
the professors indulged in discussing their own research too much. I get it,
Wharton profs are likely to be big names in their fields. Big enough to shake fundamentals
of marketing – hardly. This is Marketing 101, complete basics, less than 10
hours total. This is for those who, like me, never heard of marketing theory
before.Original
papers of these guys are such seminal contributions that they deserve a place
in this course? To me it
seems like they just did not want to spend too much time on thinking through
the material for this almost free course and just talked about things they talk
about anyway. Luckily, there was quite a bit of foundation material anyway.
Would have liked there to be more Q&As throughout the course videos. Really helps students learn/grasp content when interacting with it (via multiple choice, not just rhetorical questions) as we go. The video also looses a lot of its purpose when it's only a close-up of the professors. Being able to see the professors and personalizing the message it is great, but I think there could have been more supporting content (e.g. drawing on screen, pointing, diagrams etc.). Also, whenever there was a link on the video (like the youtube link in Prof. Bell's section), it was not a clickable link. Would have also liked to see what questions I got right/wrong on the quizes and exams so that I could learn from them.
Topics on the course are somewhat "scattered": the first week gives some important fundamentals of marketing, but the rest are quite specific. As a results, the course lacks certain system and approach of creating the system view onto subject. The lack of links/downloadable  course materials also makes it less convenient, especially when it comes to accessing some video links shown in the course: additional time is spent just for retyping them. Having lecture slides and lists of external sources also could be useful.
This course has some good content (Barbara Ward's parts are excellent), but the instructional designer did not do a great job. There is an obvious lack of attention to detail - quizzes pop up in mid-sentence, tests include material that is not covered yet (or at all), and speakers refer to topics that other lecturers covered (which they didn't). This mars the brand of both Wharton and Coursera. Step it up a level and get the details right!
Material felt high-level and introductory. Seems useful for supplementary education for non-business students or people who want a gentle introduction. Using 20th-century style teaching tactics – dry lectures, emphasizing rote memorization, lack of directly applying knowledge – as well as the high-level information introduced keeps the course from being overly valuable.
First 2 lessons were easy to follow, and gave relatable information. 3rd lesson was trying to explain topics that required technical and analytical explanations, but the course isn't long enough for that type of learning. Keep it high level and easy to connect with real life. 3rd lesson was easy too follow but personally, I did not find it all that interesting.
I value week 2 course most. Week 4 and 5 are too simple for Master students. If this course would provide slides, reading materials and explanation of quiz, it will be better.I feel inconvenient to guess the correct answer when I chose the wrong option. There is no explanation or correct answer after quiz. Still, thank for providing this class for beginners.
I found that listening to pro Kahn was easier than note taking because the text from her lecture wasnt always correct; a bit of stuttering and waffling made it hard to re-read my notes. pro fader was the best; he was concise and coherent. Pro Raju made me fall asleep a few times. found his lectures pretty boring. Long winded powerpoint presentations.
Info was clear enough for beginners without any business foundation. However, the videos seemed to be shot at 2013, which was a bit too outdated. Nowadays we have social marketing, A.I. etc.. Would love to see if Coursera could do an update, and would love to attend professors' class again if they are talking about A.I. Marketing. (laugh)
I was expecting a lecture with a tight and well-defined course, but I had a feeling that the many different ideas presented weren't closely related with each other, giving a feeling of disorganization. However, I still was able to learn the primary and important pricples of marketing, and I still would recommend this lecture to a friend.
Has some very interesting topics. If you don't know anything about marketing in the beginning, you won't after this course either. If you already had a good marketing course in the past, this one might be a worthwhile addition. Like the other Wharton business foundation courses severely shortened compared to the initial installments.
The course covered most topics related to the foundations of marketing as I have come across in my IB higher-level Business and Management course, however, the questions on the quizzes are often phrased confusingly in my opinion, and often the course videos aren't very engaging.
A good introductory course especially if completing the business foundations series. But if not, this course delves to deep into new(almost cutting edge and original) practices in marketing while totally omiting conventional methods
The course was good in the begining and extremely mediocre towards the end. The pricing and branding lectures were extremely tedious. (Week 3 and 4). Expected better lecturers and knowledge from this premium specialization.
Nice course to get some introductory information about marketing. However, the course emphasizes too much on branding, which is probably not the most essential part of marketing to be covered in such an overview course.
Course was interesting and informative. However, intermittent questions and quizzes did not always match content. Also, the professors would often reference previous things that were not taught.
The course could offer more applied exercises and examples (e.g., business cases). I liked the content but I don't feel I'm ready to practice it because of that.
Very good content, well- presented, but I wish they had more detailed instructions on creating digital ad marketing campaigns for various types of startups.
I bit outdated by this point, though many concepts are still relevant.  would like to see case studies and working examples updated beyond 2014.
Good basics to marketing. Learned a lot I can use as a budding Entrepreneur! Materials and especially examples are outdated by 5 years.
Interesting course! I did find it a bit dry at times though and hard to absorb. The quiz questions were also a bit hard to understand.
Lectures are great, but transcription is not very much helpful, it is better off to have a PDF file that is written on the topic.
I would have really preferred if the lectures came with the slides to make it less cumbersome. All in all a good course
It was really good BUT it is from 2013... in 6 years a lot of things have changed specially in the digital area!
Good introduction, some modules are more interesting (less obvious, or less of a "definition list") than others.
Can't see the graphs due to subtitles. Very annoying, and makes it hard to comprehend what's being explained.
The course was interesting but it could perhaps feature an applied section, or have some practice scenarios.
I feel this course is too few to illustrate the basic marketing principles. It just introduces some trends.
This course is good for starters. Just wish it had more mentions of live examples to go with the theory
I wish there was a marketing plan for a startup business that I can use it and apply my learning
The theories are monotonous. It can be made fun using interactive examples and small exercises.
The course was somewhat disjointed and it would be good to have some notes.
It's great to extend your field with extra theories and references ;)
Good material, but not satisfied with the quality of teaching.
Some good points covered. Some presenters better than others.
I was expecting coverage of more fundamentals in the course.
I liked but I hope that it covers more cases before theory
I feel the course could have been more engaging. Thanks
The course felt a little outdated for the year 2018
It useful to basic concept of marketing
too much terminology not much content
Week 3 needs to be more dynamic
feels a little bit outdated.
could be made even simpler!
need feedback on quiz
It is average.
I thought the course was excellent.  Some of the reviews complained about the professors... they were all easy to understand.  Another complaint I saw was about questions.  They were complaining info was introduced after questions, this did not happen in quizzes just in lectures much like when a professor might ask if anyone knows an answer before introducing the idea.
It was great. It will give me a kick-start in my business management career.
Good course. Recommended for learning the basics in marketing.
I learned a lot even though my emotions towards the lectures were not all positive:   David Bells' lectures were fantastic and what you can hope for from a professor who is doing research. Barbara E. Kahns' lectures were interesting too, although I felt it mainly targeted towards larger corporations. As her view of marketing was only through the lense of branding. Which I find important but incomplete. I had the hardest time going through the lectures and  the book of  Peter Fader. Although the idea is interesting, these lectures were much less focused on their actual research. Nore could he present many positive role models from the real world. Rather, it felt like a call for a religious type of belief where you should trust that companies who don't do this are doomed and only those companies who fully immerse themselves into this approach will succeed in the future.  It was hard for me to filter out the dogma from research. Overall, I really learned a lot and I got what I were looking for: learning new ideas and approaches that I would not naturally search for.  Which is why I gave it a 4 star.
The teachers are very knowledgeable and good but there is more finesse needed in delivery via a platform like this. They teach as if it is a classroom where you would have the slides printer or on comp to take notes. Here you highlight their actual words which don't reflect the slides precisely as they are more narrative. This makes for messy notes and hard to highlight. I would prefer that the teacher speak scripted as per slides.. This would also save reduce the amount of interrupted sentences that teachers naturally speak out in a conversational tone. In literally transcript notes this leaves for headless sentences . I found that the test it self mentions some things I think are on the slides but not spoken.  Ideally the slides could be downloaded with the notes made matching the slides. This would in my opinion make classroom experience and Coursera equal if not  make course better in quality than real life classrooms.
The flow of content is great in the first two weeks and the final week. However, week three, despite Prof. Bell's enjoyably jovial demeanor, seems to drag on forever. Week three takes you totally off the rails with its missing content (cut for the sake of shortening the duration of the course, but done in a way that leaves a lot to be desired) and its lack of sufficient transitions and connections between topics. Professor Kahn's lectures were my favorite, due to her clear way of explaining concepts and giving multiple examples that very clearly demonstrate her point. Speaking of examples, this course could also use a overhaul to bring it back up to date. Five years may not seem like a long time, but that's practically decades when it comes to marketing communications! Overall, this course is a great refresher for those who've studied ad/IMC/branding already, and a good starting point for those just getting into the field.
Great course!This is quite interesting course on marketing in general although it does not cover much on marketing mix (4 Ps) but I found it quite useful for people who really want to understand basics of brand, STP, brand mantra,etc and especially for ones working on ecommerce projects because they teach quite interesting theories about online-offline world interaction. Moreover, an indept knowledge on brand is a plus to this course. Last but not least, they also mention increasing trend of taking advantage of huge data  for online startups and companies, which i found very important for the future of marketing. I myself reflected a lot on real world's marketing tactics thanks to this course such as referral, brand upgrading, color of the brand, etc.
The quality of information in this course is top notch. However, my biggest feedback to the instructors is to consider how they could have been more engaging. I really appreciated Professor Fader shooting some of his videos outside. Professor Khan used breaks in the video to make thinking about the concepts she was presenting more salient. However, both could have done even more.I felt Week 3's instructor, whose name I can not remember, created rather boring content. The thing that is so disappointing is that his videos covered the most interesting topics, and as someone more familiar with branding, I felt disappointed that it week 3's videos were so hard to watch. I actually found it easier to just read the transcript
A very well made course. I was fortunate enough to learn a lot of new things, and a lot of the examples were very thought provoking. My only complaint is that the videos were rather long -- some could reach up to 15 minutes per video which may not always be ideal for professionals who wish to watch bite-sized videos. However, on the whole, the course itself is immensely informative and fairly priced -- given the value of the Wharton School's brand. I would recommend this course to any marketing/advertising//business student in college or marketing professionals who seek to learn new concepts in an informative manner. I thank the 3 professors, Coursera and the Wharton School for this wonderful course.
The course content was extremely informative and each concept was explained well with examples. I loved the case studies they presented and enjoyed every bit of the information. As I am in the process of setting up my own start-up, the various Marketing strategies and concepts helped me tremendously.The reason why I rated it 4 is because, the scope of clearing your doubts through the discussion forum was quite low. Frankly, it depends on the number of peers, who are active. If, we could be given a mode of communicating with the professors regarding our doubts, it would have been perfect.Nevertheless, I found this course extremely useful and enjoyed every bit.
a very introductory, extremely condensed and fast pace course. The first module is much harder and technical than the other 3. I strongly suggest to enroll in advance: you can up to 1 month before and have access to this first module. So you can start to study it some weeks before the actual beginning of the course. You will use it's main concepts in the other modules.This way will be easier to complete your exams and get the certification.In previous versions there were slides. I still think they were valuable and it's a pity they had canceled them.The fifth module is optional and is composed by case histories, which I think is a very good idea.
- I would have loved to have one more week focused on Marketing in Tech. - Social media (Rise of instagram and Tiktok) should have been focused more, consequently focusing on Digital Marketing. Brands that have risen in the modern "rap" culture like Supreme or LV should have been discussed.- The Influence of celebrity CEOs like Elon Musk is important these days as well and how did they build it over the years. -  What makes some companies of the modern doing giving exactly same services as competitors be far more over valued and perceived to be superior? How does a company like "Nikola" make zero revenues but is valued more than Ford?  -
The course study material is detailed and thorough. It is easy to understand 90% of the times but I would like to recommend the following additions to the course:1) Direct response from faculties or marketing students (verified) on posts in forums, class interaction to share case studies for engagement2) Active links to reference material in all videos below the transcription would be a huge help in understanding concepts mentioned better. Those mentioned on a slide are not always easy to access.I learnt a lot and I am glad that the course was packaged in an easy to understand format. Thank you, Wharton and Coursera! :)
I found it really helpful and - as a total newcomer to marketing - learned quite a lot. However, although there's really much information in it, I'd have liked it a little bit more "interactive" - meaning e.g. not covering everything in slides, so you have to write some stuff down. Plus I'd have liked the part of Professor Raju to be devided into two parts. He's a great tutor, but I found it a bit monotone, to be honest. There were times where I really thought "when does this lecture end" - a little more "vivid" speech and/or two smaller parts instead of one 3-hour part would have helped with that.
I would rate this course a full five points if the course lectures slides were provided. I prefer to read the slides, print the quizzes. read the questions then listen to the lectures and take notes on the slide printouts. This way i'm picking up key information only and really listening instead of focusing on writing everything - reading it after and then filtering the key points and information. Thank you for taking the time to provide this course. I enjoyed both Professors. Marketing is actually very interesting to learn given today's increase in branding and positioning.
I really liked this class especially the topics covered by Professor Kahn . However , I struggled with the Prof Bell's way of delivring the material as what he was saying wasn't really clearly stated on the slides that were shown on the screen . In addition to that I struggled with the videos recorded in the warehouse of diapers.com as there was too much noise and I couldn't really focus on what was Prof Bell saying . There were some really complex concepts like the Gene coefficient that needed further explanation and which I had to look for in different sources .
Overall, solid course with good slides and talented teachers. I particularly like the integration of provoking questions throughout the presentations, which require you to stop and think about an answer to a question posed by the teacher, or to review your notes before moving on. Very helpful in solidifying my learning. Sometimes however, I would have appreciate a more useful background while the instructors are speaking. While it's nice to have a busy street or factory in the background, I think that visual diagrams would be much more useful as a learning aid.
I really enjoyed this courseThere was every effort to go through everything as methodically as possible and I very much enjoyed listening to all of the lecturers. You get the impression that they are passionate about the subject, and it really made the course more enjoyable overall.My only criticism is the week 3 content was just too long. I felt that the message could still have been put across with about half of the content.Overall very helpful though, especially to someone who has never encountered these ideas before
I really enjoyed how this course laid out the steps of how to think about product, presentation, and audience. I see that the old and new ways of getting exposure for a product work together to make finding an audience possible. Small business owners can gain an advantage in learning marketing, however the gain is where to, how to, who to, and expectation of results.  As a small business owner, I'm responsible for taking all the steps. It is good to see that there is a process.
Really appreciated the primer, but was hoping to go into more depth on the marketing funnel and to hear a bit more in terms of the quantitative work being done in marketing to calculate CLV and RLV and to see some old brand "bibles" from companies to see the information on POD and POP expressed in the real world. I also felt sales bias was not covered as in-depth as it could have been given the amount of real estate is was given on the quiz in week 2 and the final exam.
Very interesting course. Although it is not specific but rather conceptual and abstract, it does provide information on the core aspects of business such as STP, brand positioning, customer-centric markets, effects of social networks and geographic factors that may impact the selling of a certain product, brand karma, advantages of online purchase vs offline, the merging of both and also the synergy between both.. It is definitely a nice course to start with.
I found the course informative and concise. I t familiarised me with up to date theories and marketing practices and information. I think it could be made a bit more interesting with use of unique company examples and more in depth analysis on their use of certain practices like Customer centricity and modernisation. Video of company commercials and mission statements promo videos could also be added for added value. Thanks to the professors that being said.
The content of the program is great. Only the structure needs a bit of improvement. For instance, we speak about Brands in the start and then we again speak about brand, i think it would have been easier to consume if these were integrated. Secondly, the sections covered by Prof. Raju were primarily - Promotion, Price and Place, it would be again easier to digest if the 4Ps are introduced and then each section/module is called Pricing, Place..and so on.
One of the best courses I have taken at Coursera (and I have done a few!), very well done.I would like to offer a suggestion: The examples and cases presented are quite similar as the majority of them are products related. There are very few service related brands. It would be nice if a border range of examples were offered especially in the branding module.Thank you for this course, it was very enjoyablenora
Great course content, made me think through the concepts in relation to the companies and products that I am familiar with. The content for the Go to Market Strategies was a bit difficult to follow especially the second half of it especially for someone who has no prior experience or interaction with quite a lot of those concepts. Maybe needs just a little bit more unpacking or additional examples.
Overall I enjoyed the course. It was not only a refresher but also an introduction to new ideas. The lectures were well presented. The only draw back was more often than not a slide was but shown in the blink of an eye without being able to fully appreciate it's content. Obligating to watch the entire video to access the slides and in my case copy them for future reference. Thank you.
I am only on the second week of work and already have been impressed by how the set up of this course has been implemented. I have learned a lot of information from this course even though I hold a business marketing diploma. this course serves as a refresher course if you will, and update to new concepts and lessons. keep up the good work, I hope this course gains a large following.
Overall the course was enlightening. However, I had a hard time following Professor Bell's series. The didn't seem nearly as organized as the others with graphics that re-inforced the narrative, and often there were subjects that were introduced in the beginning of the lecture that were never discussed again. As a result, I kept on looking for materials that never were addressed.
Feedback for course instructors:Final exam seemed like there were questions that were from other videos than those used for the course?  Q #30 had one option that started with the words "incorrect option" - I believe you don't mean to show that! Q34 about Oldsmobile was not part of the lectures that I remember.  Both questions 9 & 15 didn't seem to be discussed by the lectures.
It's amazing course. It gives anyone a lot of marketing concepts it's really the window to enter the marketing world. Every section of each professor really may be a whole specialization of 4 courses at least. I've acquired a very helpful and academic knowledge could be applied in real market... I'm so grateful to all professors for their amazing efforts. Many thanks
A great way to understand the dynamics of Marketing and how to think from a customer perspective. Professor Kahn, Professor Fader and Professor Raju have kept the course lively with lots of relatable examples. Must do course for anyone who is planning to venture into Marketing or is looking to understand what thought process goes behind marketing a product/service.
One of the best course designed with pragmatic and realistic approach, a real primer to marketing professional to hone key concepts and be competitive. This course is complied well and touch upon not only key trends (Digital as well as traditional) but also explained the science behind to take hyper data and analytics drive decision to grow the company
My major is Marketing & I have read lots of books also interacted with variety of materials, but Mrsave . Barbara Kann from Wharton University gave me another view about Marketing for the way to approach problems and disolve it. We also have a chance to review knowledge through sudden multiple choice question. It's pretty useful & attracted.
I am totally new to marketing. I enjoyed this course, I found it easy to follow, informative and interesting. I liked the pdf at the beginning with the course structure/ content. I think that pdfs of the slides (as they put in accounting and managing human resources courses of the business foundation specialization) would have been nice.
My perspective, in the begining of this course, was of someone that had never been in touch with the marketing world. So, all the concepts were new. That's probably potentialized my fascination with the material I was exposed to. The course is great and the professors are really good in explaining all the new concepts. I recommend it!
I worked in Marketing a long time but still learned some new and interesting ideas.  I liked the class very much.  I wish there were flash cards or some type of study aid.  With working full time and a family, making my own is time consuming and I would have liked the tools to get more out of this.  Very insightful none the less.
I think for an on-line course that people from various countries and nationalities can take, the teachers need to be more appealing. One in particular I had a hard time keeping because of the accent and the pacing, but his knowledge is undeniably good. I just think that for this kind of course he probably is not a good fit.
I thought it was a great introduction to the way that you have to think in order to build and develop your brand. I understand that it is part of the material, but a lot of it was very high level and not super actionable. That being said, the professors were great and I learned a ton listening to what they had to say.
This was a great review of fundamental marketing lessons. I was disappointed by the third lecture; while it covered engaging topics, it felt like it was a disorganized conglomeration of clips from other lectures slapped together. It was challenging to follow as there was no cohesive theme tying the lesson together.
Everything is very interesting and practical. One more thing that I would like to get - to have an explanation why my wrong answers in the quizes are wrong. Most of them I answered wrong because of misunderstanding the language itself, and I would like to know what the question was, and why did I answered it wrong.
The course and the lecturers were amazing in laying a good foundation. Because a lot had to be covered in a short span, it would have been useful if there was additional reading material to build on the concept introduced. A must for every beginner or for anyone who wants to think more structurally. KUDOS!
The lectures by Professor Kahn and Professor Fader were VERY good, extremely interesting and very well presented (5 stars). The third week was very long, not well presented and thus rather boring, though the material in itself was very interesting. (too many slides, no good summary, all in all 2 stars).
Some key points discussed without getting caught in the weeds. Maybe it would have helped if we got to understand few more case studies as a whole and have some sort of a reflection module as assignments where people got to share thoughts based on the principles discussed and listen to other's ideas.
Good insights gained. For a person from a non-marketing background it was great to understand the fundamentals and approaches to marketing along with great insights from each of the professors. Would definitely recommend this course to folks who want to understand marketing and pick it up as a skill.
Great Introductory course. Only limitation i see is that the focus is on consumer goods companies. For someone working in an Engineering Consulting Firm, it would be more beneficial if examples are focused on different kinds of businesses rather than just Consumer Goods companies and Big Box stores.
This course was so instructive. I got the chance to learn different concepts about Marketing. They are going to be useful for my personal business and for my professional career in the future. However, I had hoped that I could get all the information from the videos on a document for my record.
The first week provides basic and valuable insights into the World of Marketing... I found the virtual classroom lessons by Ms. Kahn as fascinating... I really appreciate the way the tough concepts were explained through day to day examples.As such grasping the concepts became an easy task.
It was very interesting to know and understand how world sees the marketing strategies over the world, especially from perspectives of United States of America.  It's still amazing how fast their start ups grow very fast, and I believe there are still many things to learn from them.
Some professors' lectures are much clearer than others. Work needs to be done on week 3-4 to be a bit clearer, however, the course as a whole was both insightful in its coverage of the basics and self-aware that what it was covering seemed like 'nothing new' to the average student.
Very interesting course, my expectations were met. Maybe one note for improvement: it would be nice if there was a kind of structured syllabus. I lost quite some time putting the transcripts together myself...but then again it made me work with the materials more which is not bad.
I don't think Coursera it's honoring its initial foundational principles by not offering the free statements of acomplishment any more, which are still compatible with a verified statement that addresses a different segment of customers (as it's well explained in this course).
It's a very good course, but I couldn't give it 5 stars because some contents were removed to reduce the course duration and it really felt like something was missing in Week 3.Moreover, I think some PDF files with the slides shown or some notes would be very useful.
Very informative course and the professors have excellent style and energy.
A lot of examples from real life, which makes the theories easy to understand,
even for beginners.Some of the material needs organizing though, the
flow of the lessons need some work.
Very interesting course. Loved the structure and the given knowledge. I already took an introduction to marketing course few years ago, but I realized that having the chance to take this one allowed me to gain new knowledge and adapt mine to recent changes.
Interesting course, unfortunately a little bit dated 2013 so data would need to be revisited. Presentations could be a bit more interactive and sometimes the explanations can be a little bit fuzzy. Overall, I think it is a good introduction to Marketing
This  course was easy to understand (most of them) for a none marketing person. If you want or need to be more involve in marketing strategies be sure you pay for, so you can be able to know the results of your quiz and interact with another students.
This covers all the basics in a lot of detail and the instructors are very clear and concise in their lectures. However I think there should be more real-world examples sprinkled throughout and case studies to really grasp some of the concepts better.
Well thank you to everyone who contributed to this course, beginning with the three professors and the Warthon School. I really benefited from this course in taking an initial look at marketing in general and I look forward to more in the future
The content is heavy, but not hard, it needs a good degree of focus and attention.The instructors were very good at explaining, and it is quite obvious they have a lot of expertise in the domain.The overall experience was fun and interesting.
Very well designed course for basic study, Although Key concepts on Branding, Markets, and pricing and Customer values are discussed very well, I believe it would be more interesting if some case studies are included. I recommend to everyone.
The course provided a great introduction to marketing, including its key components.  I enjoyed the fact that the course covered the latest developments and trends in marketing, including providing examples of internet/online and others.
Course is informative and well structured, though some data can be outdated as course is old. Besides , after quiz , if there were any mistakes it would be good to be able to see the explanation of correct answer to analyse mistakes.
I enjoyed taking the course and learned a lot on marketing topics. However, topics that have reviewed in Week 3 were somehow difficult to understand and after watching them again I didn't completely understand the financial topics.
I feel very useful and enlighten my mind which related with my work. I like the price elasticity part, customer centric VS product centric and also brand positioning part. Thanks all 3 lectures for the fruitful notes and sharing.
The teachers were very enthusiastic while teaching which made the process of learning more fun!I really love that they covered almost all the aspects of marketing which can be useful..whether you are a beginner or a professional.
Great content, very interesting and good easy to understand professors. Not giving the presentation slides or any kind of takeaways notes, made keeping notes and advancing a nightmare. Took significantly more time than expected.
Very great lectures. Had some trouble with wrong quiz answers compared to what was taught. Also has problems with the connection sometimes it would go in and out of picture. Used same internet. Most times it worked great!
The course was informative, and the pace of information presented was very good.I would have preferred a bit more specific feedback for my incorrect responses on the quizzes.Overall a good and worthwhile use of my time.
it's really an interesting course. had cleared my vision of marketing and what it is.had a lot of good incites. specially week 3-4 :i hopped that i will learning something help me with advertising.  and i did..........
Good introduction. Some of the lectures were a bit complex to follow and not explained too clearly, while others, the lecturer rambled on about irrelevant stories. Generally speaking though it was a good course.
This course provided great foundational information, but I would have liked there to be a few more activities that actively required me to stop watching and apply the material for more than a couple of minutes.
I loved the course. The only problem I had was with Week 3, where Profesor Raju felt a bit not-attracted to the topic and he spoke way too much monotone. Overaly as I mentioned it was fun, dynamic and engaging.
Interesting lectures, with a good amount of content.  This feels like a good start on the basics of marketing.  The quizzes were well written.  Many good examples are given from real world brands and scenarios.
Good course but it felt that some course content was missing or barely mentioned. As an example, the last professor mentioned the 5 C's that the first professor should have explained, but that wasn't the case.
Really enjoyed this course and I leant a lot. My preferred professor was Professor Khan, she is very good at explaining things. Unfortunately some of the information in Professor Bell's lectures was outdated.
It gave an updated review of marketing since I last studied it, like 10 years ago, with clear concepts , very easy to understand and with lots of examples which made better the application of the concept.
I'm very happy with how this course is set up, specially with how the professors are explaining the things with passion. Only thing which I think it can be better is going into the material more deeply.
A good course for beginners with appropriate information on Branding and other important topics related to it.Using some real life examples and good explanation by all the 3 teachers of Wharton School.
Excellent professors and depth of discussion, however there should be more additional material for reference and extension. Professor Kahn's sessions were outstanding (objective, fluid and practical).
Overall a good introduction to Marketing. Some inconsistencies with regards to quiz questions and actual subjects treated during the course, so that lost a star :-) Otherwise highly recommended.
The most comprehensive and professional course of the bundle. The other courses should look to this one for tips on appropriate depth of material, dynamic presentations and presenters, and more.
This course was very informative and helpful on the basic of understanding the ground structure of marketing but  its little bit heavy on the theoretical aspect or else its well worth the time
Good course, gives a basic but complete perspective on what markets are and how they function. Focuses on a costumer centric approach which is great and the professors have a lot of pedagogy.
Very good overview of Marketing. It does get a little bit of drag during some of the longer videos. Otherwise it is very engaging and full of real world scenarios and therefore very relevant.
Great overview of basic marketing concepts and an enticing way to get deeper into the subject. Engaging videos with articulate professors comfortable in front of the camera. Loved Prof. Bell!
Very helpful introductory marketing course which helps one to understand basic concepts based on concrete cases. It'd be however better if more additional reading materials can be provided.
Content of class is 5 years old. Many of the examples are very dated, etc. Outside of that, the knowledge shared was very insightful and the instructors did an excellent job teaching.
Great class, three professors cover different topics and interact every well, I would like to suggest professors to provide the slides in order for us to make some note basing on it.
The pricing section could include more analytical discussions and graded section. Overall the course was satisfactory though a case study discussion would have given it more weight.
A very helpful and well guided course, but the only thing it lacked is a small hands on project to work on or a peer graded assignment. That will help to understand concepts better!
Some quiz questions could be improved eg. when asked about 7M's please specify the question (the 7M's of *what* exactly, just to jog back our memory by the time we take the tests).
There are a lot of useful contents in this course. The only downside is that one of the instructors can be a bit monotous and week 3 is particulary heavy compared to the other 3.
I would like to have the lecture slides on PDF files, to print and keep notes. Especially when it comes to diagrams it is time consuming to draw the diagram and the colors etc.
the application based learning is too interesting and the whole course is just designed well sophisticately I have reduced 1 star just because the lectures were a bit lengthy.
The professors’ lectures are fairly vivid as well as fascinating, but some of the lectures are outdated. Generally, it is definitely a wonderful chance learn about marketing!
Great course! I would have loved to see more and more recent examples of companies following the strategies that are thought to evidence they are increasingly relevant today
This couirse is a clear and concise introduction to marketing. Each of the three professors present the general aspects of marketing as well as their own research insight.
Thanks to All the Professors and Coursera, Learned a lot. Very Effective Methods of Understanding were used by Professor Kahn and Professor Raju. Thank You Once Again.
great course!!! very informative from the most talented professors , great course content.only thing missing was if the exam included a case study rather than quiz.
This course was good however I would have liked additional reading material and case studies. Week 1 had some great optional reading, the other weeks were lacking.
Fresh and practical approach to marketing. My first time in a marketing course and I believe the course was relevant, useful and rich enough to apply immediately.
I would have liked this course to have more case studies based quizzes as well. So that I could learn how to apply what i learnt to real life scenarios as well.
Complete and perfect for new people in marketing! However, I'd like to see more quiz and exercise between videos to review what we've learned through the video.
This course has brought me additional knowledge as well as it also evokes memories that allow me to refresh my knowledge. Hopefully he can get me a good job.
This was one the best courses I ever took; I would strongly recommend this course to anyone who wants to work or who is currently working in business fields.
An amazing way of understanding the basic and the environment of Marketing. I have a clear understand of branding and how a product can really be marketed. W
It was indeed a grate learning experience  to learn from such world Class Professor.  Look forward from more such learning with more real life Case study's.
Great course with great teacher and excellent way of teaching, but I wish if we would be able to get the slides presented in the lectures to be downloadable
Great tips for people like me, starting or updating business knowledge.But even when interesting, the subtle links between each part were not very clear.
It was a very exciting course. I got to know about the global brands and their branding strategies. I hope to use these strategies to do my own business.
Definitely the course is good and professors are amazing,but i found it hard to understand all courses and catch up with the process..tests are hard,too.
Gave me a basic understanding of marketing with some good examples. Could you some flow diagrams to help the user see how it all fits together though.
Slide of course should be provided to recall certain important things . Certain Question for practice could have added during lectures by Prof . Raju
The course was being taught in a very good way apart from few instances where the Professors have gone little fast to complete a specific topic.
The course was a nice introduction to the world of marketing. I liked the many references to actual companies and their endeavours in marketing.
Insightful and relevant. 4 Stars due to the lack of notes on the content to help with revision and recall. Otherwise - content was interesting.
Interesting course that introduces marketing from a very general point of view. Th examples and case studies enrich deeply the course quality.
I think that the course is full of new concepts. I don't know how to say that, but I believe that discussion is not enough to learn marketing.
very helpful in understanding on a basic level and it clearly changes the outlook and the way of looking at the marketing at a maximum level.
Solid teaching however, it was clear that this was pieced together as some of the chronology of references to "previous" sessions seemed off.
It is a great course with a good amount of knowledge related to real life. The instructors were very clear! I would recommend it to friends!
Insightful contents in this introductory course! Now I feel empowered for having a marketing mindset in whatever decision I have to take!
This course was really useful to understand the Marketing concepts. The faculty explained the concepts in a very understandable manner.
A little bit too much focus on e-commerce and B2C but other than that very informative and well structured. I learned a lot. Thank you!
Gave different view about marketing.Instead just theory,they showed it with numbers and models to improve the ultimate number "profit"
I really enjoyed the course.  I feel like I have a much better understanding of the basic concepts of marketing and building brand aw
Gives basic view on Marketing.  Just to start learn more deeply on pricing or customer behaviour . Digital marketing barley touched.
Principals are solid, It aided me in evaluating my companies approach to marketing and the proper roll it should play going forward.
Great teachers and very interactive. I like having the spot questions in between each section as it kept me from getting distracted.
The quiz in 3rd week have some questions that the material in that week does not fully answer. Other than that the course is great!
Good class easy and good professor best place to know about introduction to marketing. Thanks Coursera  and Warton Business School
This course helps me know more basic concept about Marketing. It gives me a chance to dig deeper in Marketing field.Many thanks :)
The course delivery and content is quite lucid and easy to understand. One suggestion is to add cases from outside of the US.
Great introduction. Excellent presentations with great speakers. I appreciated the different angles provided by the different
The lectures are interesting, but the materials should be updated, newer company and research examples should be involved.
Quizzes were too easy compared to final exam. Reading material could be more, the videos have little information/theory.
Provides a comprehensive introduction to marketing fundamentals, with a reflection on the modern markets implementation.
Good course with useful things to learn.  Couple glitches with the info regarding the 5Cs and a couple quiz questions.
it's a good introduction to marketing world with easy language and tremendous description  in recent marketing science
Good course for understanding the basics of marketing and pique interest in the complex creature that is the customer.
Completely enjoyed the course. This changed the way i look at a commercial in my daily life. Thanks to the professors.
A good starting point to build up the fundamental basics needed for further detailed study in the field of marketing.
Very good introduction to the topic for someone who only understood marketing from the perspective of the consumer.
Course content is really good and very practical.Wish there is a downloadable PDF material of the lecture contents.
Great instructors, clear information and explanations, some of the related youtube videos are a bit outdated tough.
could use more examples of the concepts; maybe as example problems to work through. Similar to the exam questions.
Some of the material... is really really old. but I do like a lot of the explanation and the videos are well done.
Great course overall. Could do with some more examples/content from the Professional Services / Consulting sector.
Informative course, but I would have liked more quizzes or something else to break up all of the video lectures.
I liked the mix of professors and the multiple choice questions mixed into the video to check for understanding.
Really great course.... shows insight into what goes into the marketing of everyday products around the world
Solid course. Clear, concise, informative with the right amount of interactivity. Very high quality lectures.
In general, the course is very good. However, it would be nice to split the third topic into several weeks.
Final exam questions were a bit hard because some relevant information have not been given in the lectures.
I totally learned something new, lots of things I have never been heard of before are taught. Thanks a lot.
For a newbie. It was a great start. Will keep upgrading and learning more marketing and digital marketing.
Very useful course for someone who want to start marketing or business specialization or want to study MBA
Excellent introduction to Marketing with many real-world examples students can relate the theory back to.
Liked all the content, just week 3 was quite heavy, could have been more descriptive and less text heavy
Really good introductory primer. There was a lot of info and wish there was a slides/notes pdf included.
Great course. The content is well organised that students can easily follow through at their own pace.
Good course to start off, latest content based on what is changing in the industry can be introduced.
The instructors were fantastic and the quality of video excellent!Learned so much, a great refresher!
Some of the content seemed very discrete and missed some lectures. Overall great bang for the buck.
Please, we need to translate the entire course into Arabic, not just part of it, thanks in advance
I gave 4 stars.   It would be 5 stars if I could download the slides that were used in the videos.
Nice lectures, easy to understand and comprehend. Practical knowledThanks to all three professors.
Some of the lectures by two professors were very good but not all of them have out in same effort.
Very good professors,  high level of lectures, difficult for somebody with a non-marketing profile
A very useful and well explained course if you want to introduce yourself to the modern marketing
An excellent introduction to marketing. Very valuable information and knowledge that was shared.
For Non-marketing major, quite good learning course. can get some basic conception of marketing.
It will be better if some slides can be shared and students do not need to type down everything
The course manages to spark my interest to pursue the Marketing education for a career change.
I just wish I could see the correct answers after the test so I can correct my own mistakes!!!
A good introduction to marketing and easy to understand for someone with no prior experience.
for some topic, we need a basic example which can be easy to relate to.Overall great leaning
Course is very interesting and it made a good listener. Content is very useful in my studies
As a non business engineer, I found the course and information intriguing and informative.
can't ask for anything better, learnt more in a week than i ever thought. Thanks Cousera
Full of cool ideas and clearly illustrate the marketing basic concept. highly recommend!
A good overview, however would have been improved by some downloadable overview/notes.
its a very helpful course specially barbra kahn i recommend everyone to listen to her
Content is good, quizzes are written strangely - not the best questions or wording.
As some of the culture is different in China, the course give me a good information
amazing course, teaches about the basics and each and everything about marketing!
Good, clear, lectures.Two minor issues:Slides are not availableTests are too easy
We should have summaries of each Week's learnings, other than that great course
The calculation aspect was difficult to understand, but in all, it was awesome!
Very complete and easy to follow despite the language barrier and new concepts
Some of the case studies we were introduced to were absent from the syllabus.
Good, but a bit messy in the video organization and needs a bit of an update.
Some of the lectures were great and innovative, others felt rather out-dated
High quality content which is explained in a way that anyone can understand.
A great, definitive introduction to key concepts in marketing and branding!
Good quality videos with in-video participation prompts to keep you engaged
Good guidance into the Introduction to marketing.Easy to follow analogies.
Loved the course but the materials are from 2013 and so could be updated
Great Course! Got to understand most of the basic concepts in marketing.
The lectures are helpful. But no slides download is a bit inconvenient.
Course content is very up-to date, but not very structured as a whole.
Very informative, but I wish it was a bit longer and more indepth! :)
Very interesting and informative. I got a lot of ideas for my books.
The content is very well explained. Must take course for beginners.
beautifully explained non detailed course with vivid explanations
The test had a few very specific questions - but overall great  !
Overall great information and easily understood presentations.
Could have used more examples to drive home conceptual points.
The course is good and it covers various aspects of marketing.
It has been possible to learn a basic framework of Marketing.
Great overview, easy to understand without prior knowledge.
Examples could get refreshed, otherwise great instruction.
It’s really useful. I’m happy to be part of this course.
good quality ,great insights for people new to marketing
It's a succinct course in basic principles or marketing.
Simple but updated course and easy to follow. Thank you!
Slightly confusing at times, but extremely educational.
A great course it was interesting and i had so much fun
Good for newbie like me. More acknowledge for everyone.
interesting course, but some information was outdated.
An excellent course that is original and contemporary.
awesome but make sure that the lectures are readeable
it was a bit of a challenge but I made it thank god.
Course is good to understand marketing fundamentals.
Interesting material and entertaining professors!
I have learnt a lot from this course, thank you.
The explanation is clear and easy to understand.
No pdf presentations to accompany the videos!!
It is really a perfect course for beginners
Good teaching and use of relevant examples.
very informative  course. I Highly recommen
great awesome incredible. Loved prof Kahn.
Good course with a touch of practicality.
Please update the course latest examples.
Fun, interactive and thorough. Thank you
I learnt so much to benefit my business!
Module 3 was too long, should be split.
Very insightful and interesting course.
Fantastic course, i have learned a lot
Good contents, tests are well designed
i learned a lot about Market technique
Very well explained. I learned a lot.
Highly Recommended and useful course.
Great course with real life examples!
Very Helpful To revise all the topics
Good introduction to basic marketing
Tough course for me. Yet informative
More assignments and quizzes needed.
Missing more future facing concepts?
Excellent introduction to Marketing
Pretty good course, challenged me
Great overview - I learned a lot!
It's a great foundational course.
GREAT COURSE TO CLEAR YOU BASICS
nice course and nice instructors
Excellent course for a beginner.
I wish there were more examples.
Some of the examples are dated.
Nice introduction to marketing
Great Professors and Lessons.
Really useful and interesting
Very helpful for for success
I learn a lot of new things.
The content is really great!
how amazing this course is!!
Good and interesting stuff.
Some data were out of date
It's a very good course .
great course for bignner
Really inspiring course.
very clear and helpful
Outdated information
Preatty good. Do it!
Great explanations!
overall it's good
Profoundly insightful about the Marketing process. I developed a deep respect for the esteemed panel of Professors and their simple approach to explaining and applying complex Marketing concepts.
Learned a lot of things in this course. Have already started changing the way I think about pricing in my current position. I hope we get the opportunity to apply these concepts in Capstone project.
Great!  I am taking the course with almost no experience in this area. Really enjoyed this class and learned a lot. A lot of practical examples which helped me to understand all the parts. Thank you!
This course enhanced my perspective, I took it parallel to my ongoing courese, the cases discussed in this module helped me to analyse the application of various marketing concepts. Thanks a lot...!
I really enjoyed this course and will be revisiting from time to time for refresher. Thanks a lot to the lecturers and Brabara Khan; thanks for driving the course home. Emeka from Lagos, Nigeria.
I learned a lot in this course, much of which I can apply to my current position.  I liked all the professors.  A couple of comments regarding improvements:It would be great to have the professors' slides in a separate file (like they have for the accounting course).I wish the material could be updated - particularly in the discussions of online retailing - everything was from 2013, and a great deal has changed since then.  I know that in 2013, my company had no online presence - now we use social media to engage our agents, recruit new agents, advertise, etc.  I think with the changes in technology moving so quickly now, this is one segment of the course that felt very dated.
One of the Best Courses Ever! Wharton the name speaks for itself!! My sincere and heartfelt thank you to all the professors. Needless to say, all are at the top of their respective games. The sincerity reflects even, through the screen! :) Thank you so much!! It was a pleasure to learn!! :)And thank you Course era, for not putting the 'peer reviewed assignment process' in this course. It is just a sheer waste of time. People have a lot of time to get vindictive and personal and 'failing' others. It such wastage of time, energy, and money. Kindly take this feedback as a constructive criticism and drop that section if you can. Add two set of quizzes if you want to, but just remove peer reviewed stuff. Please. Nevertheless, Thank you for this wonderful course.
Great course! I took this course and finished it in 4 days (and spent around 3-4 hours every night after work on it) to put weight for my personal statements/interviews for my masters applications for university. Cons: It is from 2013, and there were a few glitches in the middle of class where I was unable to answer some of the mid-class questions. Some of the questions were asked before I learned some of the material, so that was a bit strange. Pros: Overall, these professors know what they're talking about and they are professors from one of the best marketing programs/universities in the world. I would recommend this class to anyone who wants an introduction to marketing.
You need to watch it a couple of times and take really good notes.  There are fine lines between a number of the examples and it isn't clear at first.  But, as you read it again and understand it, the answer becomes more clear to you.
I had a wonderful experiencing learning and gaining the basic knowledge of Marketing. I would like to thank each Professor who explained the topics so well and made it even more interesting with the case studies of various companies.
Excellent! Barbara is an excellent teacher, love her style
very informative and useful
Excellent pedagogy, and interactive with examples from real world which enables the students to join the dots of knowledge to map the knowledge in the grey cells. Suggesting the participants to involve maximum in the group discussion and connect the theory to the type of marketing they see surrounding them in their respective geographic location, which will provide an international feel to the course. Remember, its the students quality delivery on which the standard of an university depends on. My study map was :1.Understand the basic. Review the topic, and apply it to the existing products. 2. What if you have to launch a product a) in your country b) in a developing country  c) in a developed country. Study of market types. 3. Connect marketing to economics , operations & supply chain and finance later on. Hapy marketing. :)
introduction to marketing it was very much understanding and there lectures were very easy to understand them they had jokes along there way and it was fun but most of all i learn a lot now i know what marketing is all about and how to make your business and what strategies to use and when u want to use a celebrate which ones to look for and how to market your with online presence and which items a better sold online and which ones to sell offline and how to understand your costumer and what their need and how to bring new stuff to your costumer and how to bring new costumer but still keep your old ones and i really want to all there lectures who help me with my course and who gave me my dreams thank you
Very informative and intense!All the professors really put in a lot of effort to make the videos easy to understand with lots of real world and industry examples. The only one drawback of sorts I felt and as I have seen in the forums too is that some of the data and research/ examples and references are a little dated and so may not be entirely relevant or dependable...since the world and the markets have changed so much in the last 4/5 years... but even then I think the fundamentals remain good and its still worth the effort and time put in. All the best and look forward to getting an updated course soon on Introduction to Marketing.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS COURSE! To all the Millenials who thought they could market... take this course and your eyes will be opened to what marketing really is about. It isn't just about social media and creating pretty posts! There is so much to learn in this short course and the profs are amazing! You will absolutely love it! Thank you Professors Khan, Fader and Bell, thank you Wharton and Coursera! Our family resort will benefit big time from this and I now know where to start and what things I should consider when it comes to one of the most important aspects of business! I am so grateful, thank you, thank you, thank you!
It is a wonderful course for all those who aspire and eager, like me, to learn (or familiarize themselves with) Marketing. It indeed is a great way to give introduction of the Marketing world. The course is arranged in a way that you go step by step and learn new terms. All three Professors are just brilliant. The questions that come at the end of each week course are very intelligent. The final exams consists of 40 questions, and tests all the knowledge that have been acquired so far. At the end of the course, I felt confident and proficient in Marketing, and that is what I was looking for!Thank you.Mohita Chugh
A very nice and precise course for understanding the initial marketing concepts. I am thankful to all the Professors who taught the subject matter so well. I think everyone, be it the person in the marketing field or not, should take this course. I sincerely thank the Wharton Business School and the Coursera platform for providing access to this wonderful course. I think the Coursera is truly standing up for the mission for providing universal access to the world's best education, partnering with top universities and organizations to offer courses online. Thank you!
I thoroughly enjoyed this course, which gives a great introduction to important and common language/concepts in marketing. The only things I would change are the following: the content is from 2013, which in a year or two might get to be a little dated in the marketing world. The second thing, is that many of the example companies are huge American/multinational corporations. This isn't inherently bad, however I think that learners could benefit from seeing what more startups or disruptive companies are doing though.
Three really great professors. All modules were very clear with lots of examples that helped you to understand better. Concepts were really basic, but for me, that I was naive to marketing, I loved it and I strongly recommend everyone to take it. I learnt so many interesting things and what I appreciated the most was the link with the real world, every concept was applied to some real situation. It tickles your mind to get some great ideas yourself. Looking forward for the next courses in this specialisation.
This course was a great refresher from my Higher National Diploma, 17 years ago.  I learned up to date information on sales online and their impact, and learned some exciting statistics with all the Professors (Professor Kahn, Professor Fader and Professor Bell) who can really make you understand and break down the content.  Being a busy mom of two little ones (3 and 6) and working full time, I used to study on this course at night and managed to pass with a high mark, and feel a great sense of accomplishment
Nice introductory course, the concepts learned make a lot of sense and are very easy to follow, without being shallow. The strategies provided are up-to-date and have a lot of practical applicability   by  any company looking to increase its market share. The quality of videos is very good. I'll give Kudos to all three professors for their clear, straight-to-the-point explanations and use of many examples from real companies to illustrate the different ideas.  I am satistied and recommend this course.
This course has opened up a new way of thinking for me. I now view every business with a different mindset and try to categorise it in my head, look at future options and how to best improve the business. The professors were really knowledgeable, and complemented the coursework with a number of real world examples, which in my opinion is extremely important in a marketing course. I am sure i will be referring to this material and the books again in my life when i am using these techniques.
I enjoyed studying this course. The professors give a lot of interesting information about marketing and how it is applied to the real conditions of nowadays business. The information is clear, well-organized and contains a lot of examples of big brands everyone knows very well. Besides, the professors are nice people themselves and it is a big pleasure to watch the learning videos with them. If you are interested in the basics of marketing, I advice you to enroll in this course for sure!
This is an excellent introduction for the non-specialist. I believe you could become a specialist if you keep studying this program. Having 3 different professors with different personalities and lecturing styles kept the material interesting and lively, and also provided a variety of different voices for those of us who are not native speakers of English. I used this MOOC with my university ESL students in Thailand, so that linguistic input was definitely a factor. And they got it.
Even for someone like me, who knows next to nothing about business, it was very easy to follow along. But at the same time I felt like it gave me a firm foundation. I liked that they had different professors each week, so we could really see the various perspectives on the subject. I'd recommend that after finishing this course students should read either a couple of mainstream marketing books or maybe just one good textbook to gain breadth of understanding.
Well-structured, thoroughly-prepared and very well-presented course. It provides a solid overview of the basics, and at the same time guides the learners through a spectrum of the most recent marketing theories and trends. I personally enjoyed the branding classes most, which are packed with theory, but are presented in an extremely accessible manner, as well as the customer-centricity segment, full of practical use cases. A commendable course, thank you!
It was very pleasant to learn about this very new topic for me (with a very engineer background working on Oil platform). I trully enjoyed the energy of each professor and I was constantly looking forward the next lesson. They managed to make this courses very friendly and act as each class was in 101. Thank you very much dear Professors.
Really perfect course providing a very first overview of Marketing. As an employee working in Luxury retail domain, this helps me build a basic marketing/business vision. Many thanks to all 3 professors and looking forward to another challenge ! Thank you
Informative Course, updated concepts and teachings. The programme was more grilling than i thought but its worth it.
Great course! Tons of in depth knowledge and interesting case studies.
opened several windows into marketing .Thanks to all the professors!
High-quality course from a top university offered by top professors.
i m feeling glad that warthon offers us a world class knowleadge .
very useful , i learned lot of  new thinks in market, prodcut .
Very informative.It opened a completely career option for me
Great intro course to morden marketing concept and mindset.
Every topic was well delivered. Thank you all
perfect  and great professors
This was an outstanding course and I recommend it highly to anyone in marketing, junior or senior. I have 20 years in marketing roles with increasing responsibility so its not just for beginners. Wharton School is the premier marketing educational institution. No question. You are learning from the best of the best at a such a low cost.  My advice: I like to learn slowly so I suggest you take your time. A module a week or more. Do some outside research on the topics. The videos were of very high quality, I was so impressed with their teaching styles and their perspectives that I purchased Raju's Smart Pricing book and Kahn's Branding book as supporting material, and watched several of Fader's lectures. Further, I found the final exam to be challenging actually. I'm inspired to learn all I can from these experts now, and am focusing my continuing education on content from University of Pennsylvania marketing department, both inside and outside of Coursera. Well done to Wharton and Coursera. I'm wow'd.
I was new to MOOC platforms and English is not my first language. Therefore, I found myself struggling a bit in the beginning of the course to focus and be disciplined. As time went by, thanks to the expertise and passion from the teachers in their area, each section just got absorbed more easily. My favorite part, I would say, is absolutely the examples and case studies. Since I have moved into the working world 6 years now ( I got my bachelor in International Economics in 2014), real scenarios and tried out solutions are much more relatable. At the same time, the course does not fail to provide the basics of Marketing principles and strategies in a systematic and informative way so that you can always dig in and expand it with your own research. Thank you for putting this together and inspire me to be a Marketer myself!
This course is truly one of the very few good courses you need to take for Marketing. The said course with modules from Professor Barbara, Fader and Raju are packed with loads of relevant information and pivotal case studies (out of which some might be a bit old but still holds significance).The course develops a broader perspective about traditional marketing which teaches nuances and abilities to gel well with digital marketing. If you are from the field, you will relate and develop a better picture in your mind and examples given throughout are vivid and very well-thought. Coming from an Ivy League college expect to see (a little) lectures like format with a sole aim to provide better learning experience and knowledge absorption.
I'd like to start off by saying that this is not at all a fake review or one that was paid for by any means. This course provided me with an obscene amount of knowledge and skills that I am going to turn around and apply to my business in every day life now. It was evident that each professor knew exactly what they were talking about as they even knew the fundamentals, efficiencies and intricacies of digital marketing. The examples used were spot on, the english was perfect and easy to understand, it was perfectly paced and I honestly don't think that this could have been done better if they tried. Brilliant job to all of the professors AND the production/design team behind the camera. Thank you very much.
I have been working as a Medical Sales Representative in one the most renowned pharmaceutical company. My aim is to have a marketing career in the future. For this reason, I decided to take this course in order to take the initiative. I conceived what a marketing department does, how is crucial to build a customer satisfaction, how to analyze pricing and how it is vital to build a strong brand. It was very useful for me to comprehend the real meaning of 'what is marketing' really mean. I strongly advice this course to whom desires to have a marketing career in the future.
I thoroughly enjoyed this short course. I also appreciate the different lecture styles of each professor. It cuts the monotony of having just one teaching style. It was also great to see that each of them reference lectures from previous topics to establish a point. There are topics that might need its own week, i.e. pricing, as I believe we can learn more. Nonetheless, I wish each topic would end with key takeaways or summary points as what  Professor Raju has done. Great energy from Professors Kahn and Fader, too!
Here's a review from an incoming freshman:I used to have minimal knowledge about marketing but this course is WAY MORE THAN CONCEPTS! It gives you insights about the past and current trends of marketing and how that relates to the future direction of the business. At first, I am hesitant to take this course because I have little to no interest in marketing because I used to think it's all about promotion and boring stuffs but NO. This course is way more than that. I highly recommend you take this course!
Very informational and easy to follow, especially for someone who has zero prior knowledge in marketing. Loved the contents and teachings from all 3 professors, and as someone with a mechanical engineering background, I find that professor Fader's quantitative methods on analyzing the performance and health of a business using a bottom-up approach resonates most with me. Will definitely be doing more of my own research on CLV and the variables we can control to maximize it for my own business. Thank you!
excelente introduction course!! Marketing was an unknown area in my professional life and this course made me realized all the aspects that are involves in a market. This course active my needs for information and reasearch in my area and see all markest around me. Help me to evaluate my personal and intitutional perform and what I did right and wrong. I have new ideas to improved my professional life and motivation to develop (in future) a brand. ... And motivation to keep in this formation. Thanks!
In-depth course for marketing that anyone with the right mindset would be able to complete at a very manageable time frame. As a Mechanical Engineering student, I found it quite hard at first but having such great professors/presenters made it all go much much more smoothly. The Coursera system is also forgiving, my final exam in marketing synced with my final exam with refrigeration but luckily the deadlines were flexible. Overall A great course that anyone shouldn't be afraid to take.
The course gives a glimpse and insights into the marketing and the key concepts about the dynamic factors associated with it. Key learning combined with live examples and applications helped to delve smoothly into a new field with easiness.

An amazing journey on the path of learning, I am highly obliged to bid my thanks to the mentors and mates during the course for making a seamless transition and guiding us towards the foundation knowledge.
The course was pretty nice.  It was a good learning experience with coursera and University of Pennsylvania. All the professors was extremely knowledgeable. The contents which is being taught in the course is quite precious. Prof Raju explained the stuffs very well in a very simple manner. In a nutshell I liked it a lot it enhance my knowledge in my relevant fields. Now I can present myself proudly to the people with certificate from UPenn.
It covers a lot of concepts, has a lot of illustrated cases and they are used and developped during the course, so it makes it a business case. I can apply all these concepts in an Internal Control/ Business Process Management thinking as they are that relevant! Excellent course. I have also very much appreciated the professors, their dynamism, the videos are not boring due to their different styles and ability to bring up the key points.
Excellent course with very interesting content and well explained. I reccommend this course even if you already have some insight about marketing.I am giving 5 stars because the content was very insightful but I missed interaction with teachers, like in a real-time session or master class.Also the price of the course (99$) in my opinion is very high for a massive online course which may deter people from buying the certification.
Introduction to Marketing helped clarify many intuitions I had about marketing and clarified some misperceptions I had of marketing principles, especially in the online world. Each lecturer clearly introduced and explained marketing concepts and anchored those concepts effectively to real-world examples. I'd love to attend a lecture by any of the professors who created this course. I highly recommend Introduction to Marketing!
Very good introduction on Marketing concepts.I would have appreciated more case studies or a more structured documentation, as all the new words and concepts are quite hard to digest. But overall I'm very satisfied of this course. Assignments are helpful to extract all the value from the course and to get a better understanding of all the concepts.Thanks a lot to Pr Kahn, Fader and bell for putting all this together.
I love this course !!!!!!! For a non-major student like me, this course is a must-learn. As I could self-study with sufficient subtitle (especially for marketing terms), the course even offers you some tests so that you can review your learning process somehow. One thing is that I prefer for case analysis in this course to understand more about the concept. But overall, finish it, love it and continue to learn more.
The lecturers provide insightful knowledge regarding with the marketing. It is a good course for beginner like me. However, the marketing tragedies and studies that can be learnt from this course focus mainly on high tech, well developed regions, and not for emerging markets - I am basically saying that this course won't cover for marketing studies of developing emerging markets where you can't collect many data
The course has been excellent. I learned a lot from this course. To be honest, I have never expected this from my side. From where i have come from, I did not go through such type of experience before. I didn't expect a course to be this much interesting and realistic. Overall amazing to have being enrolled for this course. Thank you all professors for giving us such wonderful experience and priceless knowledge.
This course was truly informative! Although deemed an introductory course, the material was still presented in a very thorough and comprehensive manner with real world examples that helped to enhance the learning experience. It was pretty easy to make the link between the content and my very own business concept; helping me to work out the kinks in my approach to marketing.  highly recommend this course!
This course is very distinctive and very meticulously designed that gives u insights through all the basics and deeper in some cases, concepts of marketing. And I am really thankful to all the professors that explained very good concepts along with relevant and easy to understand examples. It takes you through all the basic and relevant concepts of marketing and helps you to develop your perspective.
This course very encouraging and intriguing. Delivered with current issue and hot topics, like internet for marketing also e-commerce and startup activity. I can easily understand because this course bring perfect combination from theory and practical research. Honestly this course sharpen my knowledge and guide me to make a better decisions in my real life career also business management activity.
Loved the material and lectures. Highly applicable concepts and examples. I incorporated some of the vocabulary into work communications each week.  Would have liked an intro to the math involved in MBA-level marketing classes, that's what I was most hoping to test drive as I consider an MBA. Perhaps include some of that as side examples for those truly trying to decide if they could handle it?
The best part of this course is the discussion forum. Not only you have the material, but you have also an opportunity to discuss the subject with the brightest individuals from all over the world. Great course if you want to feel alive. If you want to experience a real collegiate atmosphere. I've made great friends on this course and they are still in touch with me via LinkedIn and Facebook.
I thought this course was GREAT. I'm not a highly educated person so I was worried I'd be intimidated but I wasn't. The professors are very impressive people, no doubt, but they speak clearly and are interesting to listen to. I feel this course peaked my interest in the subject and I find it more fascinating than I did coming in. I'm also proud of my certificate and will share it with pride.
very interesting, full of excellent content and very nice tezhers. The sond of professor Bell lecturs was somehow distorted and difficult to undertand. Suggestion is to e possible to award a participation certificate (not verifiable) to people who cannot pay the costs but have participated and been approved in the quizzes and final exam. Congratulations to the team and to Penn University!!!
I especially like Professor Khan's lectures. The structure is well organized and very easy to follow.  It gives me a quite good understanding on marketing basics.  Customer centricity is more practical. The theory is very simple but the implementation is full of challenges. I really wish the contents could focus more on the methods to resolve practical issues than just brought out issues.
It is obviously impossible to cover such a broad subject in a single course. My no means I feel I am now knowledgable in marketing. But taking into account this is not the goal of this course, but instead, provide a brief introduction to key concepts, I think it does precisely that, and it gives you enough resources to expand this knowledge on your own if you choose to put in the work.
I learned a lot in this course, especially with professor Barbara Kahn on Week 1 and Week 4. I have to mention that Week 3 had very dense material and, although I did learn, the way Professor Raju teaches was a little complicated for me to understand clearly all the material. A part from that, I consider that people should invest in this course to expand their knowledge in this field!
That was really interesting course. I learned a lot of new information. All the professors were increadible to listen. These knoweledges will  help me to start and build a new career. The most spectacular thing about this course is that all information that you got from the course you can use in practise. Thank you. I'm truly happy I've had such opportinity to listen this course.
The videos are high quality and very engaging. I can also download the material on my iPad Coursera App and watch the lessons offline. The posts on the Discussion Forum helps understand the material better even if you just read through the questions and answers without posting anything yourself. Overall, a great course - to some extent better than some courses I took in class!
I do really love this course. The pace is fast and information is quite plenty to know about Marketing. The case studies along with the sessions are exstremely comprehendable to understand some concepts and situation. Thanks for the updated inforamtion about online and offline competition, I do think digital marketing will become more and more significant in near future.
This course is really very helpful to the beginners to start from the scratch. It helped me to understand what is marketing, it's components like branding, customer centricity, market strategies, customer decision making, social targeting, online-offline interactions. Thank you professors Bell, Fader and Kahn and entire coursera team for such a knowledgeable course.
The course was dense but thorough. The professors taught each module really well, gave really good examples, and also shared case studies and their experiences. I now gained some basic knowledge and skills in marketing and will continue to refer back to this course when needed. Thank you so much Professor Kahn, Professor Fader, Professor Raju, and Wharton School!
This course begins with the really fundamentals like what is marketing to customer centric marketing and at last to different marketing techniques. I really got the difference between these terms like customer centric and product centric  marketing, and also lots of interesting observations like long tail effect and how Internet is affecting people's behavior.
Highly appreciate Coursera, I learned the fundamental knowledge and principals of marketing, including marketing strategy, branding, tracking and packing etc. they are absolutely helpful for my future learning and working. It is really awsome meeting the world-leading lecturers at the University of Pennsylvania. I want to thank everyone who made this happen.
This course was a great introduction to marketing. I had prior knowledge to marketing from taking Business in high school but this course really went beyond anything I covered. Everything was explained thoroughly and with just the right amount of detail. I especially enjoyed the lectures presented by Professor Kahn, her enthusiasm really rubbed off on me!
I consider this course is a must for anyone who is interested to have a quick and full insight about marketing. Professors are really amazing. It was easy for me to understand marketing fundamentals by watching videos only and without effort. I'm looking forward to finish this course and apply for the next financial accounting fro wharton university too.
I have never studied business and in particular marketing. However i found such classes very useful and easy to understand also for principiants. The professors are easy to listen even if you are not mother tongue. I'm enthusiastic to have started such courses, I think it's the best way to going through this quarantine time. Very grateful for the chance
As somebody who is completely new to marketing, this course is incredible at breaking down and explaining the foundations of marketing strategies. Informative and educational, I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in pursuing marketing, seeking a career change, or looking to add another valuable learning experience to their repertoire.
In the first week alone, i am already learning so many strategies and principles I can implement in my job (which is for a residential and commercial janitorial service).  I am so excited about how the rest of the course is going to help me build my employer's business for her, as she is a minority small business owner.  This is incredibly exciting.
Excellent course - I especially enjoyed the non-classroom, on-site lectures that are naturally more interesting. I would recommend an update - while the core principles are relevant, the content is now 2-3 years old. I would also appreciate more video links to case studies and real-life interviews with insights into marketing in real-world practice.
Most Amazing Course I have ever done in Marketing. I have learnt the various aspects of Marketing from Strach to Detail. Various Real Life Analysis were very Nice which help to have a proper vision and take a total feel of the Course. All the Instructor were really very Nice and their teaching was Excellent. I really enjoyed this Course very Well.
I can't say anything. Just I can say Coursera is amazing. I have loved the learning I have been able to do and look forward to taking many more classes with them. I have always been interested in Marketing and Coursera has given me the chance to take the classes that really interest me. I have never had any problems with them. Thank you Coursera.
It was very interesting and very useful for me. It was first time that I took marketing course and I really liked it and enjoyed during all sessions. I especially thank to all lecturers who shared valuable knowledge with very basic and simple explanations with me. I could not even imagine that marketing is such an interesting area. Thanks a lot.
It is just amazing. Thank you so much for the opportunity to get the best knowledge from the best business school in the world. I want to point out professor Kahn. The courses were especially interesting and exciting. I look forward to confirming receipt of financial assistance for a new course in the specialization of "Business Foundations"
After completion of this course, I've had pretty good discussions with full-time and part-time MBA professionals and I felt I was decently on par with their knowledge of Marketing. Professor Kahn, Bell and Fader do an excellent job simplifying complex ideas into simple explanations. I have found myself gain a new found love for marketing.
It was fun and essential. You'll learn a lot form this course, especially, to those who are new to marketing. It may be applied right away to your small business too. It has strategy, tips, ideas and even psychological aspects in dealing with your customers. Better keep this course and make notes for every important techniques given.
Absolutely to the point, concise and succinct. The faculties did a great job of putting across topics clearly and objectively. I would recommend this course especially to working executives to take up this course as the topics covered are quite relevant and this will only help brush up those topics which you already knew. Thank you
I am a CS graduate student with a shallow knowledge on Marketing. I want to something different to think about during dinner time. So, I signed up for this course with no intension of completing and watched all videos in less than a week. The material is so exciting. Thank you Professors for sharing this course for us on Coursera.
This was my first Coursera experience, and it was a great choice. The course was jam-packed with information, and I'm still reviewing to further process what I've learned. As an aspiring freelance business owner, I feel like it was an excellent crash course that can help you devise the right marketing strategy for your audience.
The course provides a basic glimpses of marketing and is very well structured. It starts with the very basics and talks about the continuous changes happening or has has happened and the Professor have been very crisp and to the point in giving details along with relevant examples.I would surely recommend this course to anyone.
Enriching course about how the market works. This course helped in understanding about brand, what it is, how to create one, why it's important. The content taught by Prof. Barbara Kahn, Prof. Peter Feder and Prof. Jagmohan Raju are enriching and uptodate and they give the real pictuture of market through various case studies.
It's a very interesting course, I learned a lot about marketing and now I have a much more broader concept in how to reach the client in terms of new technologies like social media. It's very interesting and I would recommend it to anyone that has no skills in marketing to take it. I would definetely go for the specialization.
It appears that it's been 6 years since the course has been uploaded, so I think it would be nice for some of the content to be updated, especially since some of the things they said about certain brands has changed.  Overall though, a really informative introductory course.  Barbara Kahn is a very clear and concise lecturer.
Great course with a lot of relevant information. The material was a fantastic addition to any basic marketing course as there was much insight beyond what you would get from the standard marketing textbook. I would improve the course by including more core concepts such as CLV with the appropriate definitions and formulas.
A good course to learn STP(segmentation, targeting and positioning), customer centricity and branding. Concepts are explained in a concised manner. So many real life examples are presented in this course. I highly recommend this course to learn fundamental marketing concepts and advanced concepts like customer-centricity.
I would like to Thank Coursera for bringing up this course and Prof Barbara E. Kahn Did an amazing job in explaining the concepts, This course helped me in various ways and gave me an idea of how to segment market and where to focus. The concept of Warm Tea that Barbra explained was simply brilliant Team Wharton Kudos !
Extremely helpful in gaining insights to how a product must be developed and advertised and maintained in the long run. Videos were easy to understand though I had no previous experience in learning any of the topics discussed. Looking forward to learning more about all of the topics and to implement them in the future.
Very usefull course which gives the basics of what marketing is. Well designed material with rich cases from high-end professional lecturers! Thank you very much! P. S. I highly recommend this course for web-marketers, because without understanding of basics of traditional marketing, you will lose in web–marketing. IMHO
Amazing subject, very well explained. Barbara Khan is an excellent Professor and her explanations helped understand the main concepts and the rest of the course.I learnt a lot about customer centricity and pricing and I would definitely recommand this course for anyone who wants to understand the basics of Marketing.
The sequence is appropriate -- where you begin with marketing and continue with topics related to branding and others. The various weeks were taught by different professors, but they made reference to one another and there were connections between them. I enjoyed learning with this approach and recommend this course.
Very good elementary education course by these 3 wonderful professors to those who has no knowledge but interesting in marketing. I work as a Marcom Executive in my current company and this course has helped me with gaining deeper understanding in the market and further my journey in my future campaigns. Excellent!
It is an excellent course with lots of practical information. I loved the course and its contents. Everything was explained with examples and real-life situations. I would recommend this course to all those students who have an interest in marketing. This will give you knowledge of how deep the marketing field is.
As a new small business owner, I found this course very helpful as it quickly supplied me with fundamental knowledge on marketing. The course made me think about the brand of my business; it made me come up with lots of creative ideas on brand positioning, cross-selling, and pricing. This course is worth the time
It's a good course. The professors not only have a variety of wisdom, but also are very patient. I have learned a lot about band, marketing, positioning from this course. By the way, it help boost the confidence for studying marketing. Thanks the financial aid, I can't get the latest marketing theory without it.
I must admit there is indeed a lot I could learn just from the comfort of my home, thanks to Coursera. The learning and exposure gained from these online classes by some of the leaders in academia, itself is inspiring. I am now confident of gaining immense understanding of marketing from completing this course.
This was a great recap of some materials and great introduction to new materials I wasn't familiar with. I really enjoyed the lectures from all three professors and thought the production value of their videos and teaching materials excellent. Really looking forward to putting some of the new knowledge to use.
The professors were fantastic. Barbara Kahn was so organized that it made me gasp in excitement to see her reappear in the last segment. So happy to have taken this, really couldn't have asked for better (although, I have little to compare it to as I did not focus on studying business in college). Well done.
the logic of the course especially in week 1 is so clear and help me figure out the connections/ differences between the marketing concepts I knew ( which could be confusing). A very good course for start-ups and also for marketers to review the basic and fundamental knowledges to support us for future work.
A refreshing learning experience with the professors providing up-to-date and relevant insights in modern day marketing. I wish there is a way to review your answers after every assessment. Right now, you an only view what you got right or wrong. U can review the other answers if you get the question wrong.
Thank you so much for this valued course.I don't have any knowledge or experience in Marketing field at all.After finished course, I have some of marketing knowledge and it is interesting.I would like to recommend this course if you just start to learn about marketing.Keep going and have fun with lessons!
Systematic and informative sessions by all of the three professors. The examples and graphs helped catch the insights and crux of the topics in a better way. Being an engineer, diving into the marketing world just got easier with this course. All thanks to the professors and Coursera for this platform.
In summary a must have course for some one seeking to develop a new business or trying to expand the business.The course will help you develop the eye for details of generally ignored but critical components which play a significant role in defining your business.It was an amazing learning experience.
It was a wonderful experience to do the course and got to know the insights of Marketing Brand Values.  All the 3 professors were too Good and explained very well in detail. I have benefited from the course and I will surely be using my learnings in my practical life and work place.  Thank you 🙏🙏🙏
As a student who has no knowledge about marketing or business, this is a very good start to get a glimpse of the business world. There are new concepts and ideas to help you understand the stories behind brands and customers, to undertand why they do this and that. Good start for beginner. Thanks.
Excellent course. I would make the material a little less academic to due the "no prior business experience" required parameter. Many people from high school, or lower level education may want to take this course, but may find the course exceedingly difficult due to the complexity of some studies.
This course is an extensive learning of marketing strategies from basic techniques. I have learnt various ways I have actually been drawn into buying something! The course has many surprising facts which we never really do think about. I am sure this will surely help me in accelerating my career.
Great intro to Marketing concepts. This class does a nice job of concisely presenting the basics of Marketing, using real-world examples and connecting the ideas to practical applications.  As a non-business major with very minimal experience, I found this to be hugely informative and accessible.
I appreciate that the modules are updated. I have seen a difference and up to date examples, versus first time when I started this course 2 years ago. It is very important these days not to have those old examples. BTW: maybe you replace Toys R Us, as I believe is not such a good example anymore
This was my first course on Marketing. It was great experience, learning new concepts of real world marketing. Moreover, the course was very well explained  by faculties. I will recommend such courses to my friends too who are looking to find their career in Marketing. Lastly,Thank you coursera.
I have been involved various forms of marketing/sales for over 50 years, but wanted to examine the real underpinnings of the discipline.  It has been very interesting and informative and will be very helpful in rolling out our natural medicine products in the coming months.Time very well spent.
Extremely well done with relevant concepts and excellent professors. I suspect some of the statistics have changed since the development of this course due to the explosion of ecommerce, however the overall review of marketing was exceptional. Thank you for the opportunity to take your course!
Excellent introduction to marketing concepts. Huge thanks to Prof Kahn, Fader and Raju for explaining marketing concepts in a simple and easy to understand way. I am in technical field throughout my career and this course enhanced my perception on marketing and helped me appreciate it more.
Many thanks for Coursera, I learned the fundamental knowledge and principles of marketing, including marketing strategy, branding, pricing, etc.. They are absolutely helpful for my future leaning and working.It's really awesome meeting the world-leading faculties in Wharton Business School.
Excellent course! I I currently work at an advertising agency as a creative and was looking to boost my marketing knowledge, and this course did just that! A lot of valuable takeaways from this course, highly recommend this course to establish a solid knowledge of marketing fundamentals.
This was my first online certificate course and it has been a very good learning experience! The professors keep the lectures interesting by supplementing them with real life examples and in-lecture quizzes.A definite recommendation for anyone who is interested in the field of marketing!
Really Classes! I was learn the Marketing from 0 to the well known, thanks for the Professor's the knowledge, and I will try to learn more about the Marketing, and I also hope more classes in coursera will be present in the website, which  can hlep us to improve our skills , thank you!
This is a great introductory course to the different aspects of marketing from some of the worlds best professors. I would highly recommend taking it if you are look to learn about the different aspects of the craft. The material was engaging and fun. I am very happy that I pursued it.
This course was exceptional insightful and gave me real world references to lean on. It has also elevated my perception of coursera and Wharton. I will most definitely take more courses on Coursera and might even continue my education more formally via Wharton's other online programs.
An excellent introductory course in Marketing. Very comprehensive and relevant for those who seek to know the initial framework of Marketing & Branding. Reference to real companies & the underlying strategies makes the course relevant as real-time applications of theoretical concepts.
My background is in computer science, and I had very little knowledge about marketing/markets/customers and relation between those and more. Now I know something, still have so much to learn, but this is an awesome start. All professors are excellent, and insightful in their own way.
It is a very useful and practical course and I can use of it's insights and knowledge in my job and our future business.and if we can have more engagement and give you more ideas (like the packaging idea) as some tournaments, it can be better and more useful for you and us thank you
This is my first time taking a Marketing course and I really enjoyed it. The way the professors talk in their videos is very clear and really makes you stay engaged with the topic. Plenty of examples are given too. Make sure to take plenty of notes since videos are dense in content!
This course is absolutely worth it. It is a great introduction not just to marketing but also to business in general. You learn so much that you want to continue without stopping. I highly recommend this course to anyone, no matter if you have any interest or knowledge in business.
I have learned so much. Looking to change in career and starting my second Master's, but in Marketing Analytics and Insights, it has given me a better understanding and the importance of marketing in an organization, start-up, and non-profits. I would love anyone to try the course.
For someone who has never really taken a business course before, I majored in Communications and Theater, this course served as a great introduction. I thoroughly enjoyed the lectures by all three professors and felt each one brought something unique and insightful to the table.
I was indeed a good topic especially for new marketers. Its further widen my knowledge and understanding on how the market goes and what are the things to consider in doing brand messaging and positioning of the brand to the market. I also learned how important the customer is.
Very insightful and example-based to avoid ambiguity. I do recommend it. I do recommend trying to connect the material to real-world cases often (for students). Your mentors, I think, have done a great job at doing so but it does take involvement, as is other business subjects.
The course was very good in real, I enjoyed most of the parts, the only thing I wanna say is that some definitions weren't familiar to me so it was not that easy to understand each and every part, but in general the course was really great. thanks for the excellent experience.
Very engaging and interesting course. The instructors keep the energy maintained and deliver the content in very easy to understand language with appropriate real life examples. This course has increased my interest in studying more business and management courses on Coursera.
It was a wonderful experience, being taught by such experienced and extremely knowledgeable faculty. This is definitely a value addition to my personality and learning. Very clear video, content and language. Thoroughly enjoyed learning! Thank you so much for the opportunity!
It was a wonderful experience. The lectures are very clear and interesting. Marketing is a new field for me, but I love it after taking the course. I was not planning to but I am considering taking the other courses in the business  specialization now. Thank you very much!
Good and very easy to understand course. Lots of relevant references and case studies used in the video content. Would definitely recommend to everyone from the Digital Advertising industry to complete this course by University of Pennsylvania and offered through
Coursera.
A high level introduction to what you need to have in place in order to start and run a business of your own! I am sure that I would be able to use the knowledge obtained to make key improvements to my family business!! Thank you Penn and Coursera for making this possible.
As someone with no background in Business Administration/ Management, I found this course to be an eye opener in terms of helping me understand that marketing is very detailed. The professors were extremely knowledgeable and were able to explain each concept very clearly.
This was a phenomenal insight into marketing provided by Prof. Kahn, Prof. Bell and Prof. Singh. I am really glad that I did this and understood a little more about marketing. Thankyou, I would surely love to meet these professors in future and learn more about marketing!
It's amazing! I started this course thinking that would be something simple but the teachers are awesome. So many knowladge that i'm learning right now. its helping me a lot in my business life and i am also practicing my english. Coursera gave me a chance to win in life!
A very good introduction to the overall process of marketing. I found it interesting how aspects of visual arts and psychology play substantial roles in influencing customers. I especially found the examples interesting, even those found in the option fifth week lessons.
One of the best explanations of Marketing that I have ever come across. All the professors and especially, Dr. Raju, explained everything in great detail and that too with live examples so that it is easier to relate to the subject matter. All in all, an amazing course.
Wow.  I learned a tons and am working on applying them to the business I'm building.  There are some questions I have and will get answers to later.  before starting week 2 I have to read some more materials.  I even signed up at Google Scholar Pages for notifications.
Absolutely amazing! Learned  so much from the BIG 3 of Marketing! One pf the best ONLINE COURSE out there, from the way they explain and make examples, the course will really captivate your eagerness and your knowledge about Marketing will change the way you see it!
This course gave me a very clear view on overall marketing as well as some thoughts on psychological analysis. I adore professor Kahn in the way her spoke!  It would be much appreciated if some explanations or hints could given for the incorrect answers in the quiz.
I learned many things. Hopefully I can keep most of them in my mind. Teachers explain very well all the content. I didn't understand some vocabulary because I'm not a native English speaker, but definitely I can recommend the course to anyone. Thank you very much!!
It was an amazing experience to learn so many new things. I am really thankful to all the Professors the way they explained the concepts and all thing were extremely good. Thank you coursera for this course i'm really gratefu, and will enroll in other courses too.
This was my first Coursera course and my first MOOC. I enjoyed it a lot and thought the three teachers did a wonderful job presenting and explaining the topics. Hopefully I can make it through the Financial Accounting course w/ as much enthusiasm as this course =P
The instructors are really good. I was addicted to the lessons, the amazing insight into marketing concepts and the varied examples they used in the lectures. This is my first course on coursera and the experience has motivated me to continue the learning process.
My deepest gratitude to the wholehearted sessions to Coursera and the team! This course has not only fulfilled my dream to study with reputable universities like the University of Pennsylvania, it has also sparked my interests in the journey of knowledge seeking.
This was a very strong overview of all aspects of marketing. I really appreciated the enthusiasm of the instructors, which drew me into the material immediately. I already made notes to send to my employer about things we should try based on the course material.
I have learnt a lot of new concepts which will help me view marketing in a different way. The instructors taught all the concepts with illustrations which we can easily understand so a big thank you. I hope this certification will help me in getting my dream job
Coursera is a great Platform to learn more thinks that you are interested in during your free time with best in class teaching and from Best Colleges in World. I'm making good use of this during Covid-19 pandemic, Looking forward to learn more in this platform.
It is a great course illusrated by a great professors who a have the knowledge and experience that made every phrase they are saying is an addition for me . It was too interesting too have this course which is affected me positively and increased me knowledge .
I am thrilled to have completed this course. Marketing is very important to the success of every business. Interestingly, I was taken aback when I met this new concept called customer-centric marketing; never heard of it until now. Great content. Great course.
Such a great reminder of all the elements I love about marketing that I have since forgotten since my undergraduate days. I’m excited to complete this specialization prior to embarking on business school next fall as I feel I’m going to start off very strong.
This course was very helpful to me. I am a Marketing student and It helped me gain knowledge through real-world examples and the professors were very descriptive. The overall course was very interesting and engaging.I thank all the professors for this course.
It provided me with a brief yet holistic view of all the basic tenets of Marketing. I am extremely thankful to the course instructors, the Wharton School of Business and the Coursera Team for providing me with an opportunity to learn and enhance my knowledge.
Great course - If you currently have spend 2+ years in any leadership position, many of these concepts will be repeats, however, there were a great amount of knowledge tidbits.  The teachers were great and for the most part, the presentations were enjoyable.
Absolutely eye-opening! This course offered me a clear-cut view into branding in today's age! It was comprehensive of everything one can possibly know to start or run a brand right away. Special thanks to Professor Kahn, Professor Fader and Professor Raju!
Splendid, top notch and well designed course! I have learnt so much important information which will be very useful in my future job. All 3 professors are fantastic, I loved the way they communicate information. Thank you, that was such a great experience!
The course content was very relevant and helpful to understand a whole new topic ,in a short time span, I got to understand several important aspects of marketing. I would definitely suggest this course to other who has interest to learn about this topic.
I really loved the course. Truly amazing course for me as a beginner, learnt some very different topics under makreting that I didn't know came under marketing and enjoyed it. I really had fun learning about customer psychology behind different things.
Great introductory to the world of marketing, I felt in love with marketing thanks to the professors, I used to think marketing was just advertising but is much more as it is centered in the core of the business you want to develop, highly recommended.
Excellent Course! There are so many new things like Customer Centircity, Pricing in a Brand, Brand Positioning, Price Elasticity. It is a really challenging course that will stretch your thinking, at least if you attempt in under 2 weeks, like I did
Really impressed with the conceptual clarity and the overall pedagogy of this course. This is a perfect prerequisite course before one starts off his MBA. Thank you faculty of Wharton for this quality learning experience.Vatsal SinghNew Delhi, India
This course was very helpful at explaining what the different approaches a business can take. The professors were also very efficient and made it so the course easy to follow. I am now trying to take this knowledge and apply it to my small business.
Really a great introductory course. There is a high level of professionalism and I find the speakers to be very credible. I'm very eager to take more Marketing courses from Wharton especially on topics such as B2B marketing and industrial marketing.
I found the information given in this course easy to understand and apply. Some of the course material could be updated, but the general principals are there and still relevant today. I look forward to taking additional courses by these professors.
It is very good for beginners to gain insights about marketing. It really helps in understanding the tactics that one needs to incur to climb up the corporate ladder in marketing. Great work by all the three professors. Appreciate it! Thanks a lot!
Everyone should do this course even if you don't want to be in business. By taking this course you will not only gain marketing skills but also become better as a customer. You will be able to see what techniques businesses are using around you.
I must say this course has broadened my scope of thinking and approach to marketing. Marketing is evolving and hence you need to aquire new ideas to meet the high demands of recruiters and expand yourself. I'm grateful to have this at this time.
Recommend this course to individuals attempting to gain a better conceptual understanding of Business.  I really enjoyed the lectures and content taught throughout the weeks which provided a unique insight into the different aspects of business.
Loved it ... almost through with the course and have found it to be a trove of key concepts and theories. In particular, each of the professors in this course were top notch and a treat to learn from. Thank you Coursera for making this possible.
It is an excellent course! The instructors prepared with the high quality that distinguishes the University of Pennsylvania. Enriched with many readings, recommendations and videos. A lot of experience available to everyone. Highly recommended.
I loved this course! All the instructors had very interesting and well-executed presentations that I really loved watching. Even as a high school student, the course felt straightforward and easy to understand. I would definitely recommend it!
it's a great course to know how the market structure works. as being from engineering background it was quiet interesting to learn about different marketing strategy. and I'd just like to thank to all the professors for their amazing insights.
Concise course covering core topics, with a good mix of fun applied psychology and drier business theory. All three professors are clear, engaging, and watchable. Excellent course and I look forward to taking part in Wharton's other offerings!
Thank you Coursera for this big opportunity. The course helped me in my first steps in Marketing, especially understanding the fundamentals and the theory behind, and now I am advancing more confidently asthe  Marketing Manager of my startup.
Great updated view in the Marketing field, applicable to big corporations and smaller start-ups getting into the market.   It was clear to me that most of the marketing aspects of a business where covered with mastery and great communication.
The content is top notch, though mostly focussed on examples from the modern IT or eCommerce companies. Content is also a subset of a more comprehensive set of lectures,  but all of it is very good as expected from a B-school of this caliber.
I really enjoy this course, I had the same courses two years back in my school but the professor did not explain some content very well, with this one offered by Wharton, the quality is very high and you can learn a lot through this course.
awesome course , I really learned a lot from this course and gained so many skills in marketing.Moreover it allowed me to understand the concept of marketing and how the STP is being obtained.Thank you so much for this outstanding course !
The course introduced me to the world of Marketing and made a base for me to rely on whether talking to anyone knowledgeable in the field of marketing. To whoever looking to learn basics of brand management, I would recommend this course.
What an incredible course. I had the best time being a part of this program. Filled about two books worth of notes. Supremely insightful and fun course. Thank you for accepting my financial aid application and giving me this opportunity.
A great introduction course, it covers a lot of concepts in an easy-to-access fashion. This perhaps makes the structure loose, but on the positive the courses are memorable, and very relevant in the context of the Wharton specialisation.
This course is really amazing, and I learn a lot of interesting case during this period. I will highly recommend my friends to take this course. In addition, I hope the professors could add more reading material to extend the knowledge.
Great insights into the purpose of marketing within an organization. Coming from an R&D background, I never really understood how marketing worked, other than thinking it was synonymous with advertising. This was a really great course!
The professors explained and elaborated every thing related to subject very clearly and briefly. I liked the course very much and will definately refer to my friends. I from the depth of my heart appreciate the efforts of the lecturers
I love the fact that you can download the lectures and also that you provide the text so you can read it while professor is talking.  Also the fact that professor stays on screen the entire time makes you feel more like the class room.
Prof. Fader is a genius. His interpretation and composition of the markets and his explanations are simple, precise and accurate.His interpretation of Customer centric approach will sure help me in my thinking and growth in my company.
Working in Retail Management I was pleasantly familiar with many of the core concepts of this course but was able to expand my knowledge in a way that had me think differently in customer acquisition and pricing strategies! Very nice!
Amazing Course !!! It covers the basics of marketing and how any company should approach while positioning their brand in open market, Also course covers the changing methodology of operations from product centric to customer centric.
Thank you for making this course free.The lecturers were detailed and straight to the point,made learning interesting, i was particularly impressed with their ability to relate their points to real businesses with practical  examples.
THE LECTURE IS TRULY HELPFUL IN UNDERSTANDING THE BASIC OF MARKETING. GOOD OPPORTUNITY TO IMPROVE THE KNOWLEDGE ABOUT BRAND MARKETING. IT CAN ALSO BE USED IN THE REAL LIFE APPLICATION OR WORKING AS SALES ASSOCIATE IN ANY ORGANIZATION.
The course was really good and helped in understanding several marketing analytics concepts like calculating Customer lifetime value, lift in sales and many such concepts which will help someone wanting to work in marketing strategy.
An excellent course. I learned a lot and it was very interesting. All the marketing concepts are clear and well explained. Professors are great!!! It was nice time sudying for this marketing course while gaining a lot of information.
This was a fantastic introductory course. I learned a lot of new and interesting concepts, as well as understanding some of which I had only had 'dangerous half-knowledge' as the Germans say.Thanks a lot to the team and to coursera!
I was a complete newbie to marketing. This course helped me understand the concepts and various strategies with interesting real world examples which helped me relate better. I enjoyed learning from the experienced faculty as well.
Professional and easy-going course design for non-business background students. Highly recommended to the person who want to equip with the foundation of business knowledge and alter their career path toward business management.
It has indeed been a very comfortable learning experience, everything in the course material has been very helpful to gain fundamental insights into the world of marketing. Thank you UPenn for the amazing learning experience :)
Insightful, comprehensive and thorough overview delving into the marketing world.  The way this programme is structured, along with the reading and video lecture support, facilitates learning at ones own pace.  Just wonderful!
Includes the basic concepts of marketing but also the right amount of depth to learn way more than basics. Very didactic and gives tons of examples to understand more. A course that's very well structured and great professors!
The coures is really good. My concepts of marketing are pretty much clear. Aspecially regarding brand and customer acquisition and how to position a brand. Thank you so much for giving me appournity to learn from this course.
It's a good course and easy to understand especially for the beginner like me who don't have any background about businesses. Thank you so much University of Pennsylvania and Coursera for make this course happen in Indonesia.
I found this course very easy to follow, and with no prior knowledge of marketing I thought it was quite easy to understand all the concepts explained in this course. I would definitely recommend it to beginners  like myself.
I am so glad that Wharton offers such an opportunity worldwide. This course strengthened my marketing skills by giving me a different perspective. This will be very helpful developing my research thesis. Thank you, Coursera!
This is a fantastic course and covers a lot of material from ground up - you do not need any background to understand the concepts thought. The videos are self-sufficient to understand the concepts. Clear, lucid explanation.
Great introduction to Marketing and well explanation of the concepts. The professors have taught using very modern day examples which was very interesting. Hoping to learn more from the coming courses in the specialisation.
Very informative. I came from an academic and nonprofit background into consulting and needed to learn some business acumen. I was able to incorporate what I learn, and use it to synthesize my work environment, immediately.
This is an excellent course for those who want to learn about the principles of marketing. It was very useful for me, as I now have a deeper vision of the comercial activities I'm involved with. I recommend it very much.
Really good materials shared by the lectures. Precisely what we need to understand the essentials of Marketing, and yet it is very broad. Now I found Marketing as a subject that is challenging yet fun to experiment with.
This is a recommendable course most especially to those young professionals who would like to start learning more on how the marketing world works. Kudos to the team who took an effort to deliver this course. More power!
Very useful, as a professional I found this to be full of relevant concepts, practically implementable and full of relatable examples. I'd recommend this to anyone who's trying to build professional marketing skill set.
Very interactive and engrossing form of teaching .Even while sitting at home /office it feels like am in front of the professor in a classroom .Very good course to develop a basic idea about various marketing concepts.
Excellent course!! It's very well -structured. I learned not only the basics of marketing, but also techniques on how to target specific customers as well as how to choose a significant name for a product or business.
A crisp concise yet brilliant course on Marketing your brand. It says introduction but it is much more than that. I'm already able to apply the concepts readily to our businesses. Very happy to have taken this course.
I have learnt so much from this course. Every word from three professors is worth thousands thousands time of learning and money. Thank you the university and three professors for the great course. Thank you so much.
This is a great course for beginners. The course materials are structured in a way that's easy to understand for people, like me, who has no idea what marketing is about but is interested to get our foot in the door.
i would like to thank the teachers of this course as they have explained all the topics and concepts with very good examples, because of which understanding it was easy. Happy to get a very good insight of marketing.
Incredibly dense, but easy to understand. The professors have very good communication skills and the content is pretty intensive. Learned more with this course than with the 8 months I spent on a Marketing MBA  once.
I is really awesome for me. I adore all topics specially Customer Centricity. I wish if we can get new lectures by the same lecturers of the course. thanks for prof. Khan, Fader and Bell. and thanks for coursera too.
Excellent materials, well taught & structured. Soild basis in marketing to ensure familiarity with all major areas. Assessment a bit light relative to teaching, but good to confirm basic understanding and retention.
From this course I had a good basic knowledge about marketing. Since I am having only an Engineering knowledge, this course enlighten me on marketing also and that would be an added advantage when finding a career.
After finishing this course, realized how much I DIDN'T know about marketing. Learned so much - maybe a tiny bit overwhelming. So much value packed in here, will definitely be returning here often for refreshers.
This is one the best marketing courses in Coursera. It was really useful for me. I learned a lot and I hope I could use all these learning in my job!I recommend this course to anyone who is involved in Marketing.
This first chapter of Business Foundation its a pratical and theoretical start for young aprentises in Marketing.  Its well organized and very dynamic, with a formidable panel of intructors. Enjoy and good luck.
excellent courses, very comprehensive and easy to follow. I wish there were more optional quizzes and exercises to do to improve in some areas, I wanted to practice pricing analysis and strategies a little more.
This course is very well curated and perfectly delivers what it promised. The lectures are quite engaging and well-paced. The supplementary material provides good insight into the topics covered in the sessions.
This course was very valuable and the examples use by the professors were very helpful to understand the different concepts taught. I highly recommend this course to anyone that  wants to learn about Marketing.
Thank You very much for this Excellent Course!!! It covers a lot of material which make it complex to retain that quantity of information but for my purposes I can recall from my mind and notes in any minute!!!
Amazing course. I learned a lot of things that I will be able to use for my professional development and entrepreneurship in just about any project I decide to launch. This course was worth the time and money.
I like the examples being set by the lecturers which make the theories so much easier to understand. For working people who lack fundamentals of Marketing basics, this is a good course you can try to pick up.
Very enlightening course, introduced the basic concepts of marketing, keeping a balance between a great course structure and theoretical background combined with excellent current market insights. Thank you.
The best lecture ever! As an entire newbie to the marketing world, I'd like to say that this was very helpful and enjoyable lessons. You can catch all up when following the professors. Totally recommendable!
Is amazing how this courser take you in a world you probably even know already, like me. And this is just an introduction! I'm wondering about all the things can be made with more knowledge about Marketing.
As someone with a chemical engineering background in an FMCG company, it really helped me see a bigger perspective about the business. It also gave me an idea on how should I start my own business or brand.
Amazing Course gives you insight into how marketing works in real world and how to overcome the obstacles .A big thanks to all the 3 instructors they are genuinely good. Thanks for the course. i enjoyed it.
Professor Fader was amazing. I now apply concepts of customer centricity to my ventures and is a core part of my marketing strategy. I achieve greater heights the more i delve into using data for marketing.
ME GUSTA BASTANTE ESTE CURSO, YA QUE PODEMOS APRENDER MAS, REALIZAR VARIAS TAREAS O CUESTIONARIOS PARA EJERCITAR NUESTRA MENTE Y SABER QUE FUE LO QUE APRENDIMOS...YO APRENDÍ MUCHÍSIMO GRACIAS A ESTE CURSO.
A lot of material presented clearly and very well. Great study material and references during the course.Terrific value for money compared with similar online courses from other platforms and institutions.
Great course that makes you aware of other ways to view/position a business from a marketing perspective.  Has a strong emphasis on the current trend of promoting and operating a customer centric business.
I love it, but I wish an Arabic subtitle for they have poor English, and that's my mail if you want any help in ( promoting the course when you translate it into Arabic Language ) - heshammoh80@gmail.com -
From basics to getting master at it, this course has made my mind open to various virtues of business management. The case studies discussed here are very helpful to connect and think from various points.
Very informative and interesting! I think the concept taught here is very practical. It is amazed me how many companies still suffering from the focus of mass instead of the most critical customer target.
Enjoyed every aspect of the course which includes Tutors, Rich Contents, Subject depth, Presentation, Test Questions.  The entire course made me think, ponder and relate to marketing elements.  Good Job.
Great Introduction to Marketing course taught by top Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania professors that I wouldn't have been able to experience without Coursera. I highly recommend this course.
The best lectures I have ever attended. One can have a deep understanding of Branding, Product & Customer centric market, marketing strategies , by attending this course. I am grateful to the Professors.
This was an in depth view of modern marketing. It's helpful for those trying to stay ahead of the curve. I really enjoyed listening to the different professors and all the real life examples they gave.
this is what i was exactly looking for. each part of it is like Gold Mine. through the course i found the best solutions for different clients and i guess it is not just foundation, it is more than it.
if of all i want to take this opportunity to thank all my lecturer for their knowledge and time they have give to me thank you all i really appreciate it i pray that i will  do more to achieve my goal
This course was excellent - the professors were incredible as well as the subject material.  I felt I learned a comparable amount from this short MOOC vs what I learned in some of my MBA courses!Mike
I am really enjoying this course and the lessons are easy to follow. The instructor gives great examples to sum up each lesson and her explanations really hone in on what marketing actually entails.
You can have a view on the basic points of a marketing strategy: simple, effective, complete. You can listen, learn and if you like convert ideas on direct actions. Knowledge for action it's true.
This course gives the basic tools to understand marketing explicitly.All professors were great and fantastic,especially professor Fader which impressed me by its knowledge on customer analytics.
loved the fact that the course was taught by 3 professors each giving an in depth analysis of their area of expertise. Great course content and looking forward to the rest of the specialization!
An excellent exposure to the world of marketing. The material presented was relevant and up to date with real world examples. The presentation was lucid, easy to understand and most interesting.
Amazing course that teaches the basics of Marketing. Everything taught in the course gives a good perspective on how to apply marketing principles in offline, most especially online businesses.
Loved the course. My only recommendation is to make the slides available so people can take notes on them as they view the videos. Allows for a more focused approach while reviewing the videos.
I enjoyed this introduction to Marketing. The course medium is very entertaining and captured my attention. The professors gave a lot of real life examples of all the concepts they introduced.
It is a great
course, I had no previous background on this specific topic and I learned a
lot. The professors explain the whole topic very well, actually I had a lot of
fun taking the course
This is my first online course at Wharton /Coursera.  I'm in my '50, already have got my Degrees and these courses are perfect  for people like me. I'm attending my second course, it is fun!
Good Class,Kept My Attention.The Instructors/Teachers Were Good About Explaining The Finer Points Of Marketing.Although I Don't Quite Understand How They Give Out Final Grades For The Class.
The perfect introduction to a very exciting branch of the MBA. This course has helped in broadening my horizons of thinking in addition to the everyday knowledge that it has imparted to me.
It was really a deep dive into the field of marketing. There are lot of new things to be learned here. I am sure, now my purchase strategy and mindset would change while buying any product.
Very nice course, it makes you understand a business in the comercial perception, highly recommended for people working in operative areas who are not directly related with marketing areas.
very enjoyable learning! I really like the way how those professors organize their story line to teach! Hope there can be more coursers like this! Thanks Coursera for giving us this chance!
It was very insightful. Not only did I learn about marketing, the course helped me make connections with the larger world around me due to its unique way of presenting ideas in its lessons.
It was very clear, focuses in topics and very useful. Every concept is easy to find in some of the most famous companies around the world. Professor Kahn was very clear and easy to follow.
This is a great 1 month class for all marketers who want to look over all subjects of marketing. I really recommend this cours and am willing to learn more with this professors. Thank you.
it was a great course, i learned a lot of new concepts which will be very useful in my nearby as well as long term future in understanding marketing concepts and scenarios in a better way.
This is a great course designed in a way to make someone from a non-business educational background understand and comprehend the practical implications of the basic theories of marketing.
Great informational course. Easy to follow and especially enjoyed Professor Khan's pop questions during her lectures. Definitely helped participate and understand the concept she presents.
I was able to learn the basic concepts of marketing with lots of examples. It was more conceptual than theoretical, which made it easier to relate the lessons with practical applications.
This introduction has given a very good overview of marketing and the key areas that affect a business' marketing, the aid of examples has helped to amplify my understanding of the topic.
Taught by the best faculty in the area, this course is appropriate for beginners. The videos are short and to the point. The quizzes help one reinforce the concepts learnt in the course.
Very useful and edifying course, it has helped me a lot to understand the new marketing paradigm and how to apply it to current business. Thank you very much Coursera and Wharton School!
Very well organized. The course cover almost all of the fundamental marketing concepts and beyond. By having more than one instructor, it create diversity of learning and more enjoyment.
Its  my first in the field of commerce,marketing,sales etc. Although i am from a technical background this course was simple and understandable. I am very happy to attain such knowledge.
Very interesting course. It gives a baseline on the branding and modern marketing works. A little tough for me as a freshman in this area, but it did help me to understand the marketing.
I learnt so much in this course. Is my first time studying marketing and I wanted to start with an introduction, now I believe I can move forward. Thank you very much to the professors.
Great opportunity to get profound knowledge on various visionary marketing topics, branding and primary business assets. From my prospective will be useful in nearest future ) Thank you
This is really a fantastic course for me at the point of starting my own business. Many confusions coilling in my head have been solved, and I'm look forward to that keeping happening!
Simple yet effective in understanding the basic needs of the market around us in all fields. I am an Orthodontist, but this course has benefited me in many ways to enhance my practice.
I enjoyed all the sessions of this course. The course was an eye opener on certain concepts and the concepts were easy to grasp. The professors were very practical relatable examples.
The course overall was good for me to grasp basic understanding of marketing, especially in a way that is different than normal textbook marketing course taught for freshmen students
Excellent course design, top-notch faculty and peer group made this interactive learning experience so useful. Kudos to the instructors for explaining concepts so swiftly and subtly.
i Highly appreciate and recommend my friends to try out this effective courses on coursera online.I Highly appreciate the coursera marketing course Team for the good work well done.
Great videos. Thank you for sharing. The free session is a little trouble as the QCM tests are offered but no way to submit freely so this is frustrating (this decrease the CLV...).
Great content. Week 3 lecturer was very boring, and paired with tons of content it made that exam difficult. The best professor is Dr. Khan, very clear and very good lecture style!
Anyone interested in, or want to make a career in marketing should join this course. The professors are amazingly talented are masters of their domain knowledge.Thank you Coursera!
Introduction to marketing by Wharton school is a highly enriched and illustrious course.It helped in building and understanding  core concepts of marketing with real life examples.
Engaging, enlightening and very informative. The professors are great, and the courses are well structured. I found it very interesting and applicable to my field (Marketing Data).
I am new to this domain, and thus the well designed lectures helped me understand the subject better. The professors also gave proper examples to improve the grasping of the topic.
the course gave a nerd a brief on how to scientifically do the marketing, and update with the current trend in marketing. Highly suggest for people who is quite new to marketing.
This was an excellent primer to the world of marketing. I felt that the information on pricing and branding were very useful to entrepreneurs and business-minded professionals.
It is totally worth for new beginners, I am grateful to Prof. as she explained difference of marketing tactics with good examples . Really Appreciate the method of explaining.
Brilliant course with intensive course materials. Professors were so overwhelming to deliver the best of the world in the course that it took to a newer height of excellence.
This course was very insightful and provided lots of examples that related to real-life business situations. My understanding of marketing principles has grown exponentially!
Content is excellent, teaching material is very interesting, and the 3 professors are real experts. Recommended for all those interested in a solid introduction to Marketing.
As a a beginner, I found the content and materials from this course is really clear and straightforward. I would like to recommend it to who is also interested on Marketing.
I found the course content relevant, informative and overall the course was done very well. The information was of a high caliber and one could tell that the professors wer
Excellent class.  Well thought out, informative theoretical and practical lessons bring the concept of Marketing to life for me.  I highly recommend people take this class.
I have enjoyed this course very much. Before following it I had no basic knowledge of Marketing, I have learnt a lot and has discovered me an incredibly interesting world!
I'm not interested in a career in marketing but this was a very helpful course even in just making me a smarter consumer. Laid out very well with great real life examples!
Exceptional content broken down into simpler terms that are fairly easy to get with somebody who has business experience. A+ for sure. Thanks Coursera for the oppourtunity
A true beginners' class, which is great. Professors are knowledgeable and keep you engaged. Content is clear, quizzes improved learning. Great course, highly recommend it.
highly recommended course..because of the faculty. coursera provides us a platform to upgrade skills.thank you coursera, and wharton school of university of pennsylvania.
I love  that the course was more than, just an INTRODUCTION. It inspired me to dig a little deeper, beyond the course material. More than definitely worth the time spent.
This is the Course that everyone interested in doing business should take irrespective of your background. I  feel am ready to apply all that I have learnt in this Course
I love this class! It is very insightful and helps me better understand marketing. It would be more convenient if the slides of the class are available on the Internet.
Working in marketing industry letting me get down to the basics and theories which would be useful for sure for me at work. Highly recommend for any marketing employee.
Personally it was a very interesting course with a lot to learn about marketing and one step to widen my understanding and knowledge about how business is being handled
Great course to get some detailed overview regarding marketing and basics of it. Thanks for all three lecturers for the immense support provided throughout the course.
This course helped to think, correct my perspectives and rethink the approaches towards understanding the markets : theoretically by case-studies and uniques examples.
Really a good course for beginners who are looking for marketing career prospects/MBA. Covers basics and somewhat introduction to what to expect from a marketing role.
A very good introduction!  It presents a number of interesting concepts that you can later delve into.  Branding and Customer Centricity were really interesting to me.
This course increased the passion towards the subject. Detailed explanation and taking examples in each and every scenario made me understood the concepts very easily.
Great lecturers and decent use of technology to give the lectures a more contemporary delivery style than other online courses I've seen. Very interesting content too.
Introduction to Marketing is a good course to get some
insight on Marketing and to gain basic knowledge on branding, customer
centricity, and go-to-market strategies.
Excellent course!  The team provided relevant practical concepts on a full range of marketing concepts from pricing to maximizing lifetime customer value.  Well done.
Great Course! Great Instructors!! Really thrilled that Wharton has created this program. Hope there will be more courses that cover each Business topic in more depth.
The course is really informative and the Professors are very easy to understand. The course is well structured and has a smooth flow. I really appreciate the course.
Great course full of useful data and interesting case studies that teach the effectiveness of clever and creative strategies that create successful business results.
Thank you for the course! It was really interesting to listen to the basic concepts of marketing. Special thanks to the comparison of the offline and online markets.
It is really great course. A lot of new items for me to learn as a beginner. Enjoyed it a lot. Still working on it. It will be my first completed course on Coursera.
Its a very enjoyable coarse with full of lectures(videos/transcripts), easy to understand, flexibility, well organized... covers what i expected in marketing field.
This course is a great overview on the various approaches to marketing as well as what is considered the next evolution of the marketing industry (Customer-centric)
Excellent and practically applicable introduction to Marketing.  A real eye-opener in terms of appreciating the importance of Marketing within Business Development.
This course has really been enlightening, bridled with lots of good information. The Professors were just spot on in their delivery. Thanks Coursera, thanks Wharton
The course is very helpful. My point of view in marketing and sales changed. Can't wait to apply what I have learned from this course to my job and future business.
I've found this course really interesting and clear, also for a newbie in this area. I've learned really useful notions, and I would surely recommend it. Thank you!
The course is sooo cool. I have learned something about marketing, especially customer centric manner. It's a terrific course to build our basic view to marketing.
A full approach to one of the most relevant subjects in Business Development taught by one of the most relevant researchers in the industry, professor Peter Fader.
It's really a nice course for some one who does not have management back ground. The instructors have explained the concepts very clearly with examples and cases.
an exceptional way to impart knowledge and basics to learners. really enjoyed my course. looking forward to completing more from my specialization. thanks alot !!
This was a really amazing course and I enjoyed learning from such world class professors and I really loved Professor Raju I wish he had more part in the module.
The course was very good. Being an introductory course where the topics were given a brief about, it does manage to increase ones's interest in it to learn more.
honessly loved it, you can listen to it on your phone like a podcast and whip through the whole thing in a week if you wanna. bout to go through a second time :)
Practical knowledge, theories and amazing real world examples. Spot on!! A total blend of amazing mentors with detailed lectures on marketing. Totally loved it.
Very good course, with a overall view of the main marketing principles, furthermore. the lectures are very didactic and organized, making it easy to understand.
I really enjoyed these video session and reading material.i would liked to have links to the videos in the text unter the video and get copy of the slides used.
Working as a graphic designer for 20 years and partnering with marketing teams, I found that this course gave me greater insight into what goes into marketing.
The course was good ,it was useful in undestanding the depths of the marketing ,how  marketing takes place insights into the the marketing, exceution & brand .
This was comprehensive, taught by the best, and now I want more. Thanks everybody for helping me get to this point. Going up levels is life always feels great!
This is an amazing course due to two reasons. It starts from basics with real life examples and teaches both traditional and latest methodologies of Marketing!
The knowledge transfer was simply exceptional. The Professors had a deep understanding of the subject matter and were able to seamlessly communicate it to me.
Very insightful, relevant, and useful in real-life application and project execution. Looking forward to the other courses in the Business Foundations module.
I would like to thank the faculties who conducted this short term course. This gave me an idea and understanding about marketing behavior and customer values.
excellent. I feel humbled to have learnt a lot from Wharton professors who have explained marketing in a way much simplified, and practical manner. Thank you
Amazing professors with great content. Wish the third module was a little shorter or at least did the comprehension checks throughout like the other modules.
This course was amazing. As an undergraduate with limited experience in marketing, this course exposed me and gave me an in-depth understanding of marketing.
Thank you very much.I learn many useful thing from this course and I hope be able to pass the other courses of this type.best regards,Elham Ghorbani Totkaleh
Opened my eyes to the breadth and depth of marketing. The three professors who lecture explain topics clearly and are obviously knowledgeable in their field.
Great intro course - I came away with a better baseline understanding of marketing concepts, and a desire to learn more and apply them to my daily work life!
The course is very educational and the professors pedagogy is beyond review. Very practical and helpful for my understanding. Thank you Coursera and Wharton.
Informative and up-to-date ideas of marketing not just showcase through theories and concepts but also through real-life occurrences of different companies.
The course provides valuable insights about marketing as well as necessary knowledge and strategies in order to succeed On the very competitive market place
These are up to date techniques and concept, bearing in mind technological and research developments. A quick way to acquaint oneself with marketing basics.
Its an amazing course to provide an insight into the marketing world. Absolutely loved it! Thanks University of Pennsylvania and Wharton School of Business!
After having some experience , it was great to revisit the fundamentals . It strengthened my current outlook on marketing and will help me in application .
The content was easy to understand, wonderfully delivered and not monotonous. The times set per video are manageable and Iam happy with how flexible it is!
Excellent review of marketing concepts, trends, and methods. Instructors deliver lectures with special energy and clear passion for what they are teaching.
The course was extremely informative. The presentations were very well laid out, presenting us with proper real-time examples of the terms being discussed.
Course provides excellent overview from seasoned experts on the different aspects of marketing. Completely changed my perception of marketing and business!
Just what entrepreneurs need! This is one of the best courses ( Specializations ) I've ever taken.Thank you all for the support and sharing your knowledge.
Very very professional professors , new knoweldge in a very amusing way really enjoyed every lecture and it changed my perception of manh things around me.
Great insights to Marketing. This course gave me a deeper understanding of what Marketing is all about. So glad I decided to take and complete this course!
very good course. It give me some basic skill of marketing. Thank you Wharton university for giving me chance to learn such great course on financial Aid.
The course was amazing!!!!  I now have a feel for how to prioritize my time to take additional courses.  Thanks for making it available and user friendly!
Loved the course. Definitely expanded my knowledge of Marketing. Loved the professionalism of the professors and most importantly their amazing expertise.
Brilliant. The Professors go into depth  and yet make it very easy to understand and enjoy at the same time. Have recommended it to some of my colleagues.
I cannot say enough about this course and the valuable information and tools that it has given me related to marketing! Thank you Wharton and Coursera!!!
One of the best courses I have ever taken of this subject. Crisp and precise staff that articulate the knowledge very well. Highly recommend this course.
The course contents are well structured and professors give very straight and clear explanations of marketing basics.  Very helpful for me non-marketers.
It's highly informative, exciting and full of practicle knowledge. It is one of the most worth doing courses which are surely an investment in ourselves.
This is one of the most complete, compact and easy explained Marketing courses I have ever taken. Really awesome. Thanks for making it available online.
Very good presentation and analysis by all tutors. Really useful knowledge that I am very confident it will help me become better at my work. Thank you.
I highly recommend this course to everyone who plans to study business administration in future especially the non commerce background students like me.
Reveals my forgotten marketing knowledge faster I could imagine! Thank you for a simple and intelligent explanation of every notion you mentioned in it.
Absolutely fantastic course. All concepts were explained wonderfully and in memorable ways. Very gripping from start to finish and loved it thoroughly.
Simple, condensed, complete introduction to the essential concepts of marketing adapted to conventional and modern digital age businesses. Outstanding!
Very intense course. I do not think it is an intro to marketing. Week 1 and week 4 by Prof Kahn is really good, I learned a lot from her. Thank you! :)
It was lucid and comprehensible. I was thrilled that I had an opportunity to learn about marketing from three professors at Wharton School of Business!
It's an intensive, full of information course. As the title suggest it is more of an introduction, rather for people who have no idea about marketing.
It was easy to understand course that gave basics of product marketing. All three professors provided compelling situations backed with real examples.
The course was very interesting  and the teachers were great. It was an excellent course overall and introduced me to the basic concepts of marketing.
Excellent introduction to the subject. The professors are very captivating. It brings and highlights latest research and clear focus on today's world.
Great course, I have really enjoyed the professors and how they were explaining and teaching in the videos. It was easy to understand and comprehend.
Its very useful to me while i'm studying this course i am able to connect and understand with the present activities of product/services of companies
Amazing course! The professors are really doing a great job and you can learn significant terminology about Marketing. Would definitely recommend it!
Really wonderful insight, I think it would be great if there were more quiz questions and critical thinking questions incorporated into the lectures.
Amazing marketing overview, focused on reflecting on strategic thinking vs. tactical, which is the key to become a successful marketing professional!
Fantastic lectures by all three professors. Very nicely designed questions in the tests, which ensure one gets the concept than cramming up lessons !
Great course with a lot of insights from the time i have finished i feel more confident to apply these insights in the real marketplace immediately.
This is so valuable course.I've learned about a lot of Marketing and Branding Strategies.I saw a lot of practical and concrete cases here.Thank you.
I really enjoyed this course style and implementation, a really great introduction to what Coursera is all about. It's the experience I'd hoped for!
A good course introducing marketing. i hope we could have the advanced marketing course. but i will sure participate in the other marketing courses.
Very informative and I can relate most of concepts to real world marketing scenarios. Examples that were used in video tutorials were really catchy.
Very informative. Would have liked to have more study materials to support the course. Would definitely look out for more courses from these tutors.
Highly relevant course content, super delivery and engaging case studies. Really loved the course. Thanks for having this designed for all of us :)
A really interesting course that provided so much more depth around the elements of marketing than I though possible in such a short space of time.
Introduction to Marketing is my favorite course in the Business Foundations Specialization. It's an amazing and insightful course. Well worth it!
It is very useful with new beginners like me who is not in marketing major.  This course gives me the ideas of background knowledge in Marketing.
Very informative for at-least a beginner in business like me. Lectures were very lucid. Professors did quite a nice job. I am happy and thankful!
Awesome Course. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to get an introduction to Marketing. Great Work Done by Wharton Faculty. Keep it up Team
Very clear and in-depth overview of all the marketing principles and fundamental things I need to know in order to apply what I learn to my work.
I have developed interest in marketing after completing this course. Thanks to the wonderful Professors and their strategic approach to teaching.
I really enjoyed taking this course and I feel confident that I will be able to apply the knowledge I've gained to future position in marketing.
It was a really interesting experience, and the Professors were all very explicit in their explanations ad lessons. I had a really amazing time.
Great videos and great professors. There's only one thing that I'd like to mention: sometimes the subtitle blocks the bottom part of the slides.
A taste of the marketing world that encourage you to dig a bit more on the different subjects and tools that could be actually applied at work.
It was really useful for me to pass this Introduction course. The Basics are all well explained, very nice teachers as well as great materials.
This was a very useful and informative experience. It was my first approach to learning about marketing and I am really glad I had this course.
Excellent course who wants to know basics about marketing as a professional or a businessman who wants to extend their knowledge of marketing.
Informative, and easy to use.But the time is too limited. I hope professor can offer more examples for me to understand the marketing concept.
It was a very insightful sessions. it exposed to a variety of concepts of marketing, which i will explore further to improve my understanding.
Great class for beginners in marketing field. Easy-to-understand speeches combining with detailed examples make the learning procedure smooth.
As per my understanding and observation I must say this particular subject is really great for Marketing understanding.RegardsAabid Ali Shahid
wonderful class.  great concepts presented very well.  I learned a lot from the course and look forward to using this information in my career
I enjoyed this course. A very basic overview of marketing, but had some good thoughts to chew on. I can't wait to learn more about this topic!
Thank you very much I'm so happy for your help My Dear Teachers. Good Luck. Thank Coursera for good material and this web site a lot!!!:):):)
Professors were excellent. All ideas and concepts thoroughly and clearly explained with good use of examples to help solidify various topics.
very interesting course, loved all lectures, very clear arguments , trying to do my best to make quizies and have the top, thx to Professors!
I learned a lot in this course. It is very helpful for my future goal. I will definitely recommend this course to my friends and colleagues.
Great professors and great content! Definitely recommend this course for anyone interested in Marketing. No background knowledge necessary!
Very informative, and the information was presented well. A great introductory course for those with little previous exposure to marketing.
Great course to add some new information and acquire knowledge. Great lectures with good text along with the videos. Prof. Kahn is awesome!
Great info, especially if you are looking to start a business or currently working for a company that could use some fresh perspectives. :)
Great course, very good lecturers, lots of different practical examples, easy to understand and very comprehensive. Would highly recommend.
Highly recommend this course! Really helpful to build a framework on the marketing field. Hope this informative course could help you too.
Great course, thorough and very useful. I would recommend this course to anyone seeking a foundation in the basic principles of marketing.
The way of teaching is Awesome and easily understandable. The lectures and Short but  very informative. Hope I would get to study there...
I'm new to this area, but I feel I learned a lot, everything was explained very simply. I look forward to loving the next courses as much!
Great Insights from the best professors of wharton school.I strongly recommend you to take this course if you are interested in Marketing.
This is just what I've been looking for, I can't get enough of listening to the lectures. Thank you, Wharton team for a fantastic journey!
Very informative and a great course to refresh your marketing skills and gain knowledge.  Thank You Prof Kahn, Prof Peter and Prof Bell!!
Good intro to the most recent concepts and frameworks in marketing. I like the professors, they are knowledgable and engaging. Thank you!
I loved the Course. It has set a good tone as far as my basics on marketing is concerned. Thank You for the wonderful effort and sharing.
Great guidance by all the three faculties. Complex terms were made easier to understand with the help of suitable examples and graphics.
Great Course! Core concepts have been explained in a very simplistic manner.Every time I revisit the course I always learn something new
I really loved studying this course, a lot of interesting information for me as I am trying to shift my career into the marketing field.
Its was amazing course and i learned alot from it, for other peers focus on Details that instructor give you and make notes for yourself
Excellent job, well structured, to the point, professors very well versed and great personalities. Really enjoyed the course. Thank you.
A very good course. It covers branding, marketing (product- and customer- centricity), long-tail online marketing and marketing strategy
I would recommend this course any day for anyone who would want to learn about marketing even without any prior knowledge of marketing!
I loved the courses content in that there were numerous examples, research findings, supporting the theoretical backbone of the course.
This course was amazing and so relevant. Hugely beneficial,motivating - everything I’d hoped it would be. The course was well designed.
Great course since I was familiar with marketing it was easy for me but I think for the beginners it will be quite challenging. thanks
This course gives me all what I need to explore how these careers about maketing look like, and I learned and enjoyed what I recieved!
Course taught some interesting concepts in an easy to understand manner.  Could have been more challenging, but still very worthwhile.
The course gives good introduction to market and brands. Definitely recommend someone who has no business background take this course!
The course presented a good mixture of strategic and tactical aspects of Marketing. The videos were well organized and easy to follow.
It's very helpful for supporting my career as a marketing executive, especially for me who has studied Marketing Communications only.
I think this is such a great introduction to marketing. It is explained in such manner that it becomes easy and interesting to study.
The transition from basic terminology to how they were implemented in real business scenarios was insightful & a treat to understand.
Excellent class and teachers, so rich in knowledge, and the examples provided in order to have a better understanding of the subject.
My first course course on Coursera, delivered excellently by Wharton of The University of Pennsylvania. Very useful and informative.
this was great! really opened my eyes to the world of marketing and the meaning behind everything that is put into consumers' faces.
Developed a lot of interest in Marketing and want to do my MBA at Wharton School of business.Excellent teaching by three professors.
A very informative course, especially the way of teaching is phenomenal and the concepts are cleared! I really recommend this course
Event though I did a Marketing subject at university 17 years ago, this course presented me with a lot of new cutting-edge concepts.
it's very useful for me to know the basic and general knowledge about marketing. I will continue with it and expect my certificate!
Really , thanks a lot for my coaches in this course & i really appreciate there effort to explain the steps to be a good marketer .
This course explains the fundamentals of Marketing. I've learnt so many new things and concepts. Should have in your learning list!
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot in spite of struggling to find time to study. I am looking forward to continuing studying.
It is an amazing course. Through this course your horizons will widened and also the Ms.Khan interacts with you very effectively .
Learned a lot of relevant information, the pace and content was accessible and made it easier to complete while working full time.
Excellent course! Amazing professors. well organized and structured. Easy to grasp layout and great examples. Thank you very much.
Understood new perspective about marketing and real life examples of the organisation was very much relatable to the entire couse.
This course is an amazing eye opener to some of the key elements that make a successful marketing operations of any firm. Love it.
The course was well taught and thorough! I appreciate all the professors that have helped me gain so much knowledge in Marketing!
accessible to all backgrounds, and most importantly, includes examples from real world companies that help contextualize lessons.
Thank you very much dor such a beautiful opportunity to study this course for free and to have such a good teacher as Mrs. Kahn.
Loved this course, very comprehensive introduction to marketing presented in a very user-friendly and easy to understand format!
I learned some really good background knowledge of business and i think the materials i learned from Wharton were really useful.
The professors had a deep understanding of the subject matter and presented it in a concise, logical, and easy to follow format.
I really liked this course and I am thanked for having the opportunity to be part of this community and of course to attended it
This was a great course! Well-paced, great format, and lots of interesting, memorable information. It made a ton of sense to me.
Really enjoyed that this course featured multiple professors each with their own area of expertise. Thanks for the great course.
This is honestly one of the best online classes I've ever taken. It was easy to understand the professors and to follow along.
This course was a perfect way of introduction to marketing! It was very informative without being overwhelming; great course!!
Abundance of knowledge presented in simplest format. Thanks to all Professors, assistants and team who brought this together.
It teaches you many skills and techniques for running a business.  It helps you view the world as a totally different person.
Great Course. The instructors made it easy to understand. I look forward to applying the knowledge i gained form this course.
Waoow... This  course is so cool... I really enjoy studying this subject and could extend my knowledge beyond my expectation.
Excellent course on the fundamentals of marketing.   A lot of material is presented, so it is imperative to take good notes.
It was an amazing course for introduction to marketing and it's various aspects. I genuinely appreciate the course structure
everything is  good and informative but the professor raju should improve his discussion because I can't seem to concentrate
Awesome Teachers and all the content is clear and very good. I wish to learn more  of Marketing and Business. Thank you all.
Absolutely brilliant explanations of the course material. I  have had the best time learning everything. Thank you so much!
Very clear, easy-to-understand and well organized coursework.One of the best business courses on Coursera, if not the best.
The course was quite interesting and I learnt a lot. Especially, the use of real life examples made it much more practical
Excellent course with relevant content organised in a logical order. The professors keep the continuation in the concepts.
Very good course. Great insight about the marketing, innovation in marketing, current trends and future of the marketing.
Loved this course.  Very informative and the real world examples are valuable to understand how marketing strategy works.
Great course ! Gives a full overview of the most important marketing concepts. Good complementarity between the speakers.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course! Great lecturers, and as the name of the course states, a great Introduction to Marketing!
Amazing course that starts right from the basics and goes to a depth that most marketers tend to ignore in the long run.
Very detailed and explicit explanation of various aspect of marketing. Barbara Kahn and Jagmohan my personal favorite !!
This was a very, very interesting course with a lot of insightful content complete with engaging case studies. Loved it!
Best course on course era, didn't get the opportunity to donate blood but did sell a few things for things beyond money.
Simply an awesome one, rich, and to the point with well organized content that you feel you are following a clear track.
Excellent course! I learned a lot and it gave a very clear framework of marketing that can be aplied immediatly. Thanks!
Very interesting and valuable for high school students like myself who are looking to receive an insight into Marketing!
This was my first ever doing a Business subject and I thoroughly enjoyed it! I look forward to completing the others :)
Great course. I have learned a lot which will help me in my upcoming MBA course. Thanks a lot, Barbara ma'am, Raju Sir.
Highly recommended ! Easy to understand Those lessons are very practicalStudy this before creating a brand or something
Excellent explanations and great examples provided by the three professors. Marketing concepts have never been clearer.
Very informative and detailed in the format. Has information I can put to use immediately in terms of strategy. Thanks.
Very helpful recap for those with marketing experience and great essential concepts for those who are new to marketing.
This is a great introduction to Marketing for any business managers and owners. Enjoyed the course and would recommend.
Straightforward explanation of the basics, with enough but not too much anecdotal support to keep the student engaged.
Gives very solid foundations, really enjoyed the course, Best part is that this course is motivating me to go further.
very well organised and structured. Crisp, clear and up to date information allowed me to keep my interest consistent.
awesome course, already teach the basic of some empiric knowledge that already have and let me view the whole package.
The way teachers present every topic or video is excellent. Not just someone reading  a leason, like sometimes happend
This course was really engaging.  I did the extra reading and did take a great deal of knowledge away from the course.
A comprehensive overview of marketing fundamentals, illustrated with relevant daily life examples. I highly recommend.
Wonderfull. Really apreciated all the content and I'm sure that it will add too much on my knowledge. Really loved it!
Love it, my first encounter with marketing lessons ever and this really explained in a simplest way what is marketing.
by attending this course, I feel to gain a fundamental knowledge of Marketing and advertising. Good course, recommend!
Very informative. From zero knowledge, i am able to apply basic marketing concepts to personnal projects. Thanks you !
It was better than I expected. After completing the course I feel confident that I´ve learned the basics of marketing.
This course is very very helpful.The font size of (has successfully completed) looks small and is not clearly visible
So happy I decided to take this course, I found enormous value and practical applications. Professors were excellent.
Great course! Amazing teachers. Highly recommended. I didn´t know much about marketing and now things are most clear.
Very comprehensive and informative. I finished the course with skills to take action in several areas of the company.
Learnt so much. Actually, I started loving marketing and especially digital marketing. Totally recommend this course.
Excellent course filled with tons of useful information. I'd love to come back and review the contents in the future.
A truly comprehensive course with all the required fundamentals to understand and work in the Marketing environment.
Clear and succinct good quality explanation. Coursera features like saving notes made the experience more beautiful.
So awesome to have such knowledge. If this is the introduction then what would be the advance. eager to learn a lot.
As a newbie in Marketing, this was the perfect foundation for me! I loved how the professors gave specific examples!
Very clear and concise teaching.  Good case studies examples that enable us to see theories being put into actions.
A very structured and comprehensive online course.  I was very pleased with the engaging and informative lecturers.
Great course that summarize important topics about marketing focused on customer relationship and brand positioning
Excellent course to help me get started. Really enjoyed the lectures and concepts presented. Thank you instructors!
For a marketing novice. This was an incredible way to understand how corporates think about customers and products.
great course. Had I known earlier marketing could be so interesting, I would have long dropped my PhD in history :)
Refreshing perspective from consumer-centric marketing placed side by side with classic product-centric marketing.
The Course brings together some very critical elements of Marketing and all these concepts are very well explained
World Class. Learned much I wish I knew before launching my own brand.Pete WeishauptValhalla Products Company, LLC
Detailed Introduction Course to Marketing for people with no background in business or marketing. Easy to follow.
I really feel like I have a better understanding on offering products, and how products interact with the market.
Incredibly valuable.  I learned more in this 5 week course, than I did in 10 months of trying to learn on my own.
Very conceptual driven course with live examples, this helps in understanding the application of content as well.
This was really helpful, pragmatic, easy to follow. Highly recommended for anyone planning to work in marketing.
Usefull course for marketing and Business Administration students. Learned different marketing strategies. Happy
very easy to approch for beginners，great course to get to know marketing and branding， will recommend to others.
It gives us an industry insight as to what goes into making a successful business, loved the course! Thank you!
Excellent course to understand basic principles of marketing. More likely i am able to apply it on my business!
This course taught me al the fundamentals about marketing and gave me an entirely new perspective on that topic
Well design course with lots of practical examples, which gives better understanding of marketing and branding.
Eye-opening and stimulating approach for anyone seeking to understand the dynamics behind modern-day Marketing!
Great Course!! The best Marketing course I have ever taken. Looking forward to learn more about Wharton courses
Fun, exciting and engaging introductory class to marketing. Well structured and organized. Excellent teachers.
I thought this was a really engaging course with excellent instructors and I stayed interested in the content.
An amazing course! The professors explained everything really well and I am really satisfied with the results
Excellent! I simply loved Barbara E. Kahn & her easy way of teaching concepts, Give my love & regards to her.
Helped me realize a lot about the basis of marketing and pushed me in the career direction I intend on going.
An extremely informative course that covers a lot of aspects of marketing. The perfect course for a beginner!
Very fun and useful course. It helps me understand how to create a brand and set up the marketing strategies.
Great course as an introduction to Marketing. The professors team is very qualified and commited to teaching.
I like the course, and I would love to see more interactive checks for understanding throughout the lectures.
Great Course, Teaches fundamentals of marketing, teaches real time marketing issues based on the data insight
REALLY THIS COURSE PUT MY FEETS FOR ANOTHER WORLD OF SELF DEVELOPMENT THANKS FOR ALL PROFESSORS WHO TEACH ME
Really good brief introduction to some basic concept related to marketing!!!!!Thanks to all 3 instructors!!!
The lecturers were very explicit and they gave a lot of examples and scenarios which aided my understanding.
Excellent course! great content & great teachers , thank you coursera for providing this wonderful  courses
I learned a lot and the course was not overwhelming but challenging. It was a great educational experience.
Introduction to marketing course was amazing . It  is very useful to develop my soft skill about marketing.
Great quality video material and speakers/lecturers. The MCQ quizzes very much reflects the course content.
Helpful and accessible introduction filled with practical information that can immediately be put into use.
very good study material. Thanks to the instructor and coursera for proving such opportunities to students
I really learnt many thing about brand and customer- centricity! thank you to all the valuable professors.
Great course taught by experts. The entire syllabus was backed by solid case studies and examples. Thanks!
Great course love the lectures the professors make it easy they connect everything as if its one big story
simply brilliant. The course is complied in an easy way and it gradually picks up to cover all the details
well-organized and easy to capture the key messages delivered by the professor for a entry level student .
Great course! It offers very useful insights to business management topics! Definitely recommended to all!
I think Week 4 should either be combined with week 1 or arranged after week 1 as it is closely connected.
Very intense schedule and Professors are explaining every and each subject pretty well. I learned a lot.
Wonderful course with refreshing content and insightful, yet very clear concepts about modern marketing.
This was a fantastic course, easy to follow, good amount of "check-ins" without being obnoxious. Thanks!
If you want to learn about Marketing and structures within Marketing this is the perfect course to take.
Very engaging and interesting course. I looked forward to each class. Well done overall on all material.
Excellent!Professor Fader's style was great very easy to follow and understand and entertaining as well.
This class is amazing ! Thanks a lot for the opportunity to learn from the best professors in the world!
It is a beautifully curated marketing course with all the important aspects covered in a simple manner.
One of the best marketing courses available online! The caliber of professors is phenomenal! Thank you!
Highly recommended course for beginners, and people looking to brush up on modern marketing techniques!
I enjoyed it and learned something outside my range of formal education but is now relevant to my work.
I see this course is useful and interesting. It's help me have knowledge about  basic marketing. Thanks
Must course for all beginners in the Business field, especially for those  opting for Marketing domain
Quite useful for a basic knowledge building for individuals who wants to have broad view of Marketing.
I loved doing this course. Lecturers were all engaging and the content was very relevant and thorough.
It's very practical and helpful as I am a marketing staff but not learnt the knowledge systematically.
I am from engineering background and it really helped me to set a foundation for marketing in my mind
Very very good course and made me excited to marketing yet I would prefer my grade on the certificate
I really enjoyed this course a lot, I learned many important materials that are related to marketing.
Excellent presentations, excellent quality, top shelf production that flowed really well.  Thank you!
In the first marketing course, I  knew a lot of ideas about marketing the best course in this filed.
The Introduction to Marketing course was very informative, and brought great insight to the subject.
This a great course that allows you to have a thick load of knowledge and a good portion of reality.
Amazing class. I learned a great deal of marketing. This is easy to follow and amazing instructors.
Very well thought through and well delivered course to introduce the basic principles of marketing.
Its a fantastically curated course to enable to get insight on the marketing aspect of the business
This is an absolutely awesome course I have ever enrolled . This is worth to waste my time on it. !
This is a recommended course to take for The beginners to get better understanding about marketing.
I am a first year MBA student and the introduction to the core fundamentals is absolutely amazing !
Provided Great Insights on Marketing for Branding, Customer Centricity and Online-Offline Channels.
Really nice content and pretty clear sessions with lots of every day real life example situations.
A very insightful introduction to marketing. All the lectures were full of meaningful information.
Really did a great job setting the baseline for considerations when building marketing strategies!
Amazing course really helped in understanding marketing, Learnt new tools to enhance productivity.
amazing course to get a foundation in marketing and to know how different ways marketing is done.
Amazing Course with great resources. I truly learned a great deal about all aspects of Marketing.
There should be a way to make people that can't afford the course to do it without paying for it.
Great course! The profs really made course materials organized, comprehensible ,and interesting!!
A superb and engaging course with very engrossing and informative lectures from all 3 professors.
I learned a lot from this course. It is very up to date with today's marketing trends and brands.
I thoroughly enjoyed the Intro to Marketing class. Only wish there was more time to delve deeper.
Very well organised. They make it easy for those who don't have background knowledge in Business.
They give wonderful lectures. I really enjoy watching these videos and enjoy the learning process
Very nicely explained all the concepts. A great way of learning with all the practical examples.
A great overview with new terminology that I knew in practice but not theory - that was a first!
This course was very comprehensive for a beginner course, even though it was just 4 weeks long.
I can say that this course is very good even if you don't know anything about marketing before!
The Perfect course for a beginner. Loved how the teachers explain with examples from real world
Really Nice coverage of relevant topics. Refreshed my MBA Studies undertaken three decades ago.
This is my first course and its awesome learning experience. Better than i thought it would be.
Excellent Course!!!  Highly recommended to anyone who wants to know the essentials to Marketing
Simple but powerful concepts of Marketing. Wish every Management Institutes had such faculties.
Highly informative course which helps in building strong foundation in the field of marketing.
Much more detail than other courses I took on Coursera. Takes longer to complete but worth it.
Very useful course regarding marketing fundas. Fluently and imaginatively taught.Thanks.Arvind
A must for anyone looking to get a feel for what the field of Marketing entails. Well taught !
I found the course very educational and informative. The teachers were all extremely engaging.
The classes were very instructive in a clear way, easy to understand even difficult subjects.
Informative.  Enjoyed three different professors with different backgrounds and perspectives.
Crisp and up to the mark content. All the three professors do not let the course feel boring.
Engaging teachers delivering useful information - I thoroughly enjoyed the course. Thank you.
Amazingly taught with examples, content was engaging and instructors explained it very well.
Quality, compressed learning of key marketing concepts by the best instructors in the field.
Really great refresher that touched on topics I never had the opportunity to explore before.
For a person who nerver touch Marketing before, this course is a 5 star learning experience.
This course if very informative, it helps me a lot. I have fills all of my needed knowledge.
it was very insightful. The course was well designed and lectures were delivered seamlessly.
A really informative course especially if you are a beginner.You can definitely learn a lot.
Awesome learning experience of Marketing......Great understanding made by faculty members...
Really informative lectures, I enjoy the ones in which you answer questions as you go along.
Changed my whole view and perception on consumerism. Great speakers with great information!
Amazing course with some awesome research insights and the professors too are really great.
very good information and the videos were excellent. I can't wait to start the next course.
It was truly helpful.Great guidelines and examples.I'm now eager to learn the next course!
Great class, well thought out curriculum and intelligent teacher.  I learned a great deal.
Must take course for anyone and everyone who even have slightest of interest in marketing.
thanks , really need this foundamental knowledge before I can understand my SHUMBA course.
Great class for people who know a little bit but not enough or any at all about marketing.
Good material. The information and what you learn about customer centricity is invaluable.
Highly interesting, great content and lectures. Happy I spent my time taking this course.
Useful and interesting. Professors are clear and give great examples to explain concepts.
I really like the course as it was new to me yet very informative and easy to understand.
have really enjoyed this course, particularly week 4, but all sections were good overall.
It was an amazing laid out course and I understood the concepts of Marketing really well.
Well explained and easy to understand even if you have no prior experience in this field.
Great job - Professors are very knowledgeable and great at explaining marketing concepts.
It was an amazing experience to learn from one of the best buisness school in the world.
A great course which offers head start for the students who are getting into a B school.
It was one of the best thing I learned so far regarding business and how to do business.
Wonderful! An amazing opportunity to have access to resources and Professors from UPenn!
Entertaining, valuable, well documented. Many thanks to the fantastic faculty @Wharton !
it is amazing course i really like it , now i understand marketing very good than before
We went through all the marketing basics giving us tools to begin our marketing careers!
Excellent course content. For me a dream come true to learn and study at Wharton School.
Great minds, passing on their wisdom; I learnt soo much. Thank you very much Professors
Professor Kahn was the spotlight of the course , her method of teaching was impeccable.
Extraordinary teaching by professors.I really liked the way of teaching.Thank You...!!!
A fantastic experience! I learned many things that will change my professional future!
This course is so fundamental and very practical to apply in your respective industry.
Great class with practical, relevant and latest examples. Highly recommend this class!
It was a really new topic for my, as engineer. And I have to say that I learned a lot!
gives a very deep insight in lucid manner about the marketing practices and strategies
Very interesting and eye-opening course, with real life examples and many wow-moments.
Great course, many interesting subjects. Makes me want to learn more about marketing!
Awesome course with fabulous teachers and great examples! Very clear and informative!
Excellent Teachers. Never, not for a moment I felt like I am a newbie in this sector.
Its a very helpful introductory course and so many new practical things to learn here
Hi ,This course was really good . I learned a lot about various concept of marketing.
I have learned a lot through the course. Thank you coursera for giving me a platform.
Best class ever.  I like marketing but you guys are the best.  Happy Teachers Week :)
Really enjoyed the production quality of this course. The professors were excellent.
Excellent course for beginner offering easy-to-grasp knowledge and thinking methods.
For an introduction course i feel like I’ve learned about half a year of information
Great website to improve your skills and knowledge. Worthy to spend money on courses
I loved this course! I learned a lot and am excited to continue to use my skills! :)
Priceless marketing principles and guidelines revealed into detail!! Very essential.
Great course! Would highly recommend to anyone looking for an overview of marketing.
Great course. Learned a lot! Helped me see how much work goes into marketing and how
One of the best courses for someone like me who doesn't have a business background.
Awesome course! As a small business owner I've learn a lot about the finer details!
Very informative, slides with information need to be displayed a little big longer.
This is a very useful course for those who want to learn about marketing, branding.
Actually this is a really a good courses to build a foundation for my future career
I would change the title which is not relevant compare to the quality of the course
Very Good!It has provided me a strong foundation in the core concepts of Marketing.
Really it is a vital course in understanding how business operates and has evolved.
A complied pdf document of the whole course can be given at the end for reference.
Amazing faculties.Content is appropriate and easily understandable for a beginner.
The professor has a great way to catch attention and is super clear and motivating
excellent teaching by all the professors ....thank you for Providing me the course
As an Engineer with no business background, I found this course very interresting.
I now have a good hold on how things work in the marketing realm. Thanks so much!
Very nice course and content. Questions were very challenging and nice to solve.
Nice course which give a basic knowledge about marketing strategies and methods.
One of the best marketing course from one of the best Universities in the world.
Interesting examples and cases to make the point. Stories make retention easier.
Very relevant and a great journey personally! The examples are very interesting.
Really Interesting Course! It is a good introduction to many marketing concepts!
Great course, it gave me insights into various elements in the marketing study.
Very interesting and a great way to get introduced into the world of marketing!
Teaching was excellent. Clear, concise and engaging. Great introductory course.
This course is great. I learned a lot. Thanks to my three professors/lecturers.
Excellent course. Superb pedagogy which keeps it fun, informative and engaging.
Excellent professors and great insights. Love to learn more! Thank you so much!
Exceptional content and great opportunity to stay updated by great instructors.
Perfect for beginners to get a grip on the basic marketing concepts. Thank you.
Good visualization, usefull examples, professor Khan is an impressive lecturer!
Great course!! It gives me a lot of data, even I am graduated from university!
It helped me to gain the basic knowledge of marketing in a understandable way.
Awesome course!!! Would recommend this to anyone that is studying marketing!!!
The first marketing class in my life!!! I love it very much and really enjoy!!
Great course for beginners. Easy to understand content with relevant examples.
This is a really great course for me to know how marketing and branding works!
Very useful course, it's easy to understand the basic relations of the market.
brief description of what you should know about basics of Marketting strategy
Good course, but really needs to be updated for time.  It's not 2013 anymore.
Amazing course learned new information that I apply to real life situations!
Excellent course!! it helps me to know the basic theory of marketing ,brand.
Excellent course. Highly recommended if you want a good primer on marketing.
Fantastic course and I have been blown away by the quality of the education.
Very informative, well presented, and knowledgeable and engaging professors!
As far as I watched (first week, 6 lessons) it is really well crafted course
Love the teachers, love the content, love the presentation!!! World class...
Very well articulated course content with enough examples and case studies.
It's great and professors are incredibly best while explaining every terms.
Great professors, knowledgeable and easy to understand even for a new comer
Very clear teaching and brief information from professors, thanks for this!
I'm glad to study the course because now I understand more about marketing.
Great course. I've been in marketing for many years, but I learned so much.
Lecturers are very engaging and presented it in a coherent, logical manner.
Absolutely brilliant and excellent. Engaging an interesting ! Great course.
Really enjoyed this course.  Learned more than I thought I would. Thank you
Great for anyone who is looking to embark on a journey of marketing world.
Great Course with very deep and clear understanding. Highly recommended!!!
I'm so excited about learning content. It's so useful for my life learning
This course is a good one and wish that all of Africa can have such course
Very interesting and with a lot of real samples to understand the concepts
Excellent Course. The lectures are very well presented and easy to follow.
It's a amazing course for me. lot of information i found from this course.
Excellent course, with excellent materials and best Marketing professors !
Excellent professors, excellent course. Great university. Thank very much.
Very informative  for somebody that wants to get the basics of marketing.
A world-class introductory marketing course from the world-class faculty!
I enjoyed this course the teachers where easy to follow and to the Point.
Great way to learn the basics and to apply knowledge through the quizzes!
Very well presented and full of information. Thank you for a great course
I loved the explanations and the real time examples which have been used.
It was a very informative and descriptive course. Enjoyed completing it.
I'm really learned too much from this course, very simple and productive
Great course, great professors - comprehensive, but very well explained.
It gives me the basic essence of the modern marketing system. I love it!
Introduced marketing in a simpler structured way.  the perfect overview.
I thought this class was very informative and helpful to me.  Thank you.
Teacher Kahn is very good at explaining marketing and understand easily.
Nicely explained covering the basic concepts. A very good introduction.
This course was very important for me, thank you to all the organizers!
I really enjoyed the course. I learnt a lot of things from this course.
The contents are useful and helpful! They are related to real problems!
Nice introduction to marketing with solid coverage of digital channels.
This course and the facilitators will positively beat your expectation
Amazing course for the people with no background in business studies.
Informative, Fun, Striaght Forward, Not too challenging. Great course
The best course in coursera that i already take, excellent professors
Very accurately designed, the explanation to all modules is wonderful
very helpful information presented in a simple easy to follow manner.
I learn a lot! Thanks for this content both on coursera and Wharton..
Was a great course ,   thanks many thanks  <3sincerely.....Osama Asal
You cannot ask for a better course when it comes to Marketing Basics.
important basic knowledge; introduced lots of concepts with examples!
I would recommend this course. The reading material was interesting.
Very informative and learned a lot of practical aspects of marketing
Great teachers and great course. Learned so many new things. Thanks!
Great course that thoroughly covers all basic concepts of marketing!
Awesome course with clear concepts to understand even for beginners.
I learnt about useful info of Marketing through the course. Its good
Great Course, well designed and very useful information I learned!!!
Very attractive course, great explanation :) I absolutely recommend!
What an amazing experience I had with this course . Thanks coursera.
It's very interesting course with a lot of examples and good tutors.
The course is very well designed to explain Marketing in a nutshell.
Very informative! Dear professors, thank you for this great course!
The ending optional videos show the usefulness of all the concepts.
excelent explanation. natural teaching and well structured content.
very comprehensive overview, articulate and well-designed lectures.
Great Course to learn how Marketing is fundamental to any business.
Absolutely amazing content! I couldn't recommend this course more!
Really informative for getting an idea of how marketing functions.
I really enjoyed this and learned a lot.  Great class and topical.
Great course.But kindly provide PDFs of lecture notes if possible.
great and i want more dense content of it and a lato sensu degree.
Exceptional quality for an online course. Absolutely recommended.
I really enjoy in this course. I have time so I try and finished.
Great format, pace and instructors. I really enjoyed this course!
Very insightful. Great instructors and extremely helpful content.
Fantastic course to learn the basic marketing and its approaches.
Professors are superb and important concepts of Marketing are exp
Exceptional. Wonderful course and brilliant insights - thank you.
That was a great experience and high quality educational content
This course is highly informative, Thanks to all the professors.
Very good course content and lectures by experienced professors.
very useful. many good ideas help me to improve my selling skill
It's actually really useful and I learned a lot about marketing.
It is essential to have marketing skills in a current scenario.
It was great and it helps me to learn a lot of marketing skills
Great program. I have learned a lot with all three instructors!
Everything is very well explained, a lot of things to remember.
Great course to learn almost Every basic thing about marketing!
Highlights the importance of online marketing in today's world.
I found the outdoor courses with professor P. Fader surprising.
Very Interesting course, we can say it's really an eye opener.
Great case studies applicable to today's marketing challenges!
Very helpful esp for newly promoted Product Manager like me :)
A very thorough and brief introduction to marketing principles
Very detailed. The final exam is tough, so kindly prepare well
Valuable information on this course, quite easy to assimilate.
This course is magnificent! I learned so much about Marketing!
Great course towards refresher. Points were clear and concise!
Very Interesting course, easy to follow and very clear videos!
Very useful. The professors really explains the concepts well.
exceptionally good course for people planning to do a startup
Great course for people who are not in the field of marketing
A very good treatment of the subject!!! I enjoyed the course.
An awesome course with an in depth knowledge about marketing.
Excellent course . Highly recommended for learning Marketing.
It was perfect in explanation. Can add few more Case studies.
One of the best course to understand the basics of Marketing!
One of the best courses available! A must for every marketer.
Brilliant course for anyone interested in customer centricity
excellent! Learn a lot and easily understood by new beginner!
very informative and easy to follow! i am really enjoying it!
Teachers were very good, Specially Mrs. Kahn was outstanding
A very thorough and tough course. Enjoyed and learned a lot.
great lecturer. clear and relevant examples. Quality videos.
best of best study materials ,online videos and online test
Thank you for all professors. I enjoyed learning with them.
It's really helpful to path the way to other advance course
Excellent and straight foccused in The marketing essências!
A baseline cognitive learning of the course about Marketing
Great teachers. Loved their comprehensive teaching methods.
Course is very interesting and helpful. Highly recommended!
Wonderful course, insightful, interesting and good quality!
The best Marketing Fundamental Course I have ever learned..
Very well taught and explained! Great learning experience.
Highly recommended for the junior level marketing officer.
Very informative course presented by top-notch professors!
Thanks for coursera I learn about marketing well and well.
The instructor explains everything clearly and efficiently
Incredible source for a new starter to marketing concepts.
A simply beautiful learning experience. Thank you so much!
About this course, I'll copy NIKE's tagline, "JUST DO IT"
Very relevant and detailed approach to our business world
Excellent insights on marketing strategies for beginners.
Love the videos and scripts in the bottem is very helpful
Excellent. The course was well structured and well paced.
Great start for marketing fundamentals. Great instructors
My first online course ever, It was quite useful and fun.
this course is really helpfull and not only for begginers
Excellent course for those interested in getting started.
this course helped me alott with the basics of marketing
Insightful and detailed look into the world of Marketing
Course is really helpful in developing marketing skills.
best course to learn about the fundamentals of marketing
Awesome class! Super interesting; worth the time + money
The course was very well designed and not boring at all.
very well organized course with full knowledge and cases
Got to learn much about marketing, was really helpful :)
awesome class! Really attractive and abundant knowledge!
Good introduction to basic marketing concept and ideas!
Extensive concepts presented and taught in a juicy way!
Very informational; thoughtful and challenging quizzes.
Very informative and a great introduction to marketing.
super useful and fun!!! will recommend to my friends:-)
Best to build the core of Marketing.Intensive coaching.
Such an insightful courses from Wharton Business School
very professional , amusing  and well  oriented  course
It has brought me new insights in my data science work!
Very good course for beginners in the business studies
Loved it! All the important info was given and taught!
very effective short course which i learned from a lot
Really  loved the course. Learnt a lot from Prof. Kahn
Thanks for everything!! I really enjoy all the course!
Very good and interesting marketing course! Thank you!
Great! It is clear, full of information, very didatic!
Extremely structured and profound lectures! Great job!
Great course.  You get out of it what you put into it.
I have just started this course and am already hooked.
Informative course with useful introductory material.
Helped me to get a greater understnading of marketing
Very useful and practical examples, great instructors
Very quick and easy course for marketing foundations.
Very good lectures for beginners! Strongly recommend!
Really nice course with elaborate coverage of topics.
An extremely comprehensive and well designed course.
Its a great course to do and clear a lot of concepts
Prof Barbara Kahn was amazing. Learnt a lot from her
it is a great course, is really complete . thank you
Fantastic course, covers the fundamentals very well.
very straightforward and I got what I wanted to know
Well rounded course to introduce marketing concepts.
Wharton's marketing course is engaging and relevant.
Great Course. Awesome Professors! Thank you so much.
I really learned allot about marketing and business.
great course.. great high quality videos and slides!
informative and very easy to understand the concepts
Perfect course, I like the examples of the teachers.
Was a great overview and introduction to marketing.
Very insightful and easy to understand for beginner
very clear content, accessible format -- thank you!
I enjoyed the course, it is fun and i learnt a lot.
very good knowledge provided related to the market.
Very interesting marketing concepts and strategies.
learned a lot in this couse , i highly recommend it
A VERY USEFUL ,  I LEARNED LOT ABOUT PRODUTS, SALES
very very interesting professors are good and clear
This course is easy to understand and quite useful!
Nice combination of theory and real world examples.
Insightful. I like the way the course is presented.
interesting and varied views - enjoyed the examples
Great course to learning a base level in marketing!
Thank you very much for a nice Introduction Course!
A must learn for every marketing person out there!
Very well organized, interesting and optimal pace.
Amazing Course. It got me interested in Marketing.
Good course to understand the basics of Marketing!
The lectures were informative and extremely clear.
Most relevant study material . Kudos to professors
For me, it was just perfect. Totally recommend it!
It greately increased my interest on Marketing!!!
Amazing course from the best faculty in the world
It's very helpful to develop your marketing skill
Very Good. The Wharton's teachers are excellents!
It's a very basic course... but a good one to try
Nice Course and great lectuers, very informative.
Awesome content ,my skills enhanced more by this.
it was amazing course Thanks alot for everythings
Awesome introduction to must haves in marketing.
it was very good to learn more about marketing..
informative and easy to understand. Quick paced.
Great course material. I'm really learning alot.
good course! Great general overview of concepts!
Loved this online class. I have learned so much!
Excellent. Easy to follow. Up to date. Relevant.
It was such an insightful course! Learnt a lot.
Amazing and well-structured material! Thank you
It's a very packed learning. I learned so much.
I benefited from this platform a lot. Thank you
Best course for every single one in this planet
Course is perfect but should avail free of cost
Very well structured and easy to follow course.
Great instructors. Thought provoking material.
great understanding to the basics of marketing
best training by Professor Kahn Raju and Fader
Very descriptive. Good for introduction course
Very helpful, relevant, and clear instruction.
Excellent Excellent Course. Very good teachers
Great course, very detailed and well explained
An Awsome effort by Wharton, Loving it. So Pra
Love it! Wish there is more business examples.
Too good,,,learnt a lot in terms of marketing
I really enjoyed this course learned a lot...
This course was very helpful and informative.
Lively, interesting and informative lectures.
Outstanding course by outstanding professors.
Very good course! Lots of useful information!
A good introduction to the world of marketing
Its Nice Course and being taught professional
Very usefull and case–based explained themes
Excellent. It improves our skills very much.
Excellent content from exceptional teachers!
Great session, kept me engaged at all times.
Excellent course for getting into marketing.
A really good start to know about marketing.
Love it! so dynamic, and easy to understand.
Great course. I have already recommended it.
Great course and videos!  Loved the material
i love this course! the teacher are so good
A great portfolio of professors. Love them!
Very strong review and update of Marketing.
very intuitive, easy go and fun, must watch
Great stuff!  Very informative and helpful!
by this course ,,i m learn about marketing.
High quality and well-researched knowledge.
Decent university and excellent instructors
Great teachers and well developed classes.
I Love this course. Very very informative.
Very Helpful content and amazing examples.
Loved the course. Learnt a lot! Thank you.
Great course to follow.lots of information
Interesting and easy-to-understand course!
Very fascinating classes and much to learn
Super. One of the most interesting courses
I really enjoy the class and the teachers
Great concept knowledge and great faculty
Really loved the course....Thanks guys ..
Best course for a beginner to start with!
i found this course very helpful / thanks
I love this course!  Thank you teachers!
Beautiful course and very understandable
Great course. it was very informative...
Thanks, it was very fun and educational.
Very Informative and very well explained
Solid material and a new way of thinking
It was helpful and very straight forward
My first course on Coursera,it's amazing
Concepts are explained in excellent way.
Excellent Course. I highly recommend it.
A very engaging and informative course!
very useful!! and I enjoyed doing it!!!
Learned alot about basics of marketing.
ALL CONCEPTS WERE BEAUTIFULLY EXPLAINED
one of the best marketing online course
good quality content, a lot of examples
Very good content, pace, and lecturers
Great start for marketing knowledge ..
Great course! I strongly recommend it!
My first Coursera course, fantastic!!!
Lovely course!! Prof Kahn is brilliant
this course is very good for beginners
A very beneficial course for beginners
wonderful course, really useful for me
Very good course. I like it very much.
it is amazing course it is very useful
It was an excellent experience for me
Well organised and presented. Thanks.
Great start to marketing fundamentals
Extremely comprehensive for beginners
Very well done course, I have to say.
very very very useful and interesting
A very informative and useful course.
One of the best online Course so far.
Extremely informative and motivating!
A lot of information, well presented.
Overall, a great introduction course.
My dream school ！！！！！！！！ Rui peng cao
It's very usefull course, Thank you.
The professors are truly amazing..!!
good contents ,up to date topics , s
Very informative!  Highly recommend.
Very informative, a must take course
Loved the content and the Professors
Very informative and relevant course
Best Marketing course on this planet
Great course, extremely well taught.
Thank you very much for everything.
Such an amazing ;earning experience
I really loved Pro. Kahn lectures!!
Very nice introduction to marketing
very well designed course.Thumbs up
Changed my perception of marketing!
Great lecturers with great courses.
great! very informative and useful.
It was informative and interesting.
learn lot of thing about marketing.
exceptional course, Great Material!
Great fundamentals of Marketing..!!
Practical, engaging, and surprising
loved this course! Learned so much!
Great narrative and great content.
Thank you for all the information.
sharp, clear and meaningful course
Outstanding course and professors.
Wonderful, simple and professional
Very informative and well-taught.
Amazing course and quality videos
Very enjoyable! Great Professors!
Very good insights from experts!!
a good introduction for beginners
Wonderful course & good teaching.
Explained in very simple way!!!!!
Very informative and eye-opening.
Best marketing course I ever had!
Amazing course, great professors.
Thank you, everything was clear!
Thank you very much from Tokyo:)
Great Value Course for Marketers
Great Content. Great Professors.
Great introduction to Marketing.
Really also and relevant content
system introduce marketing tools
Very good courses for beginner.
Thank you all! it was amazing!!
I think it is really essential.
helpful for me. and learn a lot
Amazing content and very useful
Very enjoyable and informative.
Top awareness by top professors
Excellent how this course works
fun, applicable and educational
it's very helpful for beginners
Great introduction to Marketing
Very clear and direct knowledge
I learn a lot about marketing !
really convenient for learners!
I like this course its so easy
I really did enjoy this course
Raju sir was truly incredible.
useful and great way to future
Very intensive and interesting
just one word to say, perfect!
Great professors, great course
Super helpful and interesting
very compact but informative!
professor barbara is amazing!
I learned a lot. Tks Wharton!
Comprehensive and informative
Comprehensive and taught well
Organized and well-structured
learned lot of new concets...
Very good lecturers. Perfect.
Best course ever! Thank You))
Great course, learned a lot.
A highly informative course.
Changed how I see the world.
Learn a lot from it! Thanks!
Wonderful and easy to grasp.
Insightful, would recommend
Easy and simple to complete
remarkable course, loved it
very well designed course..
Great Course ! I enjoyed it
Very good marketing course!
Great course and learning.
Very well-delivered course
Great Learning experience.
I really liked the course!
awesome very compresensive
Very useful, thanks a lot!
Enjoyed every part of it.
So far it's been amazing!
Great intro to marketing.
thank you for this course
very well designed course
This course was fantastic
Best Knowledgeable Course
GOOD AND IMPORTANT COURSE
ALOT OF GOOD INFORMATION
It is a fabulous course.
Very insightful. Thanks.
I was a great experience
Great is what I can say.
easy and understandable!
really nice and helpful!
Professor was simplistic
Great structured course.
great course. thank you!
very helpful and useful!
A course with a purpose.
loved it, very helpful.
Great class, thank you!
Insightful and rigorous
Very intresting course.
It was a  great  course
Exceptionally excellent
Great course and books.
one of the best courss
Great Course Thank you
Loved it! so enriching
Great Intensive Course
was quite interesting!
It is worth learning!
The Best of Marketing
very helpful to me~~~
Amazingly Insightful
Great Value and ROI!
Excellent and smooth
life changing course
Very Good and Useful
Really a great one !
Excellent Loved it!
Practical learnings
i love that course.
Very useful course.
Thank you coursera.
I enjoyed it a lot!
Ivy-league quality
It was brilliant!!
Wonderful Course.
This is the best.
So much learning.
Thank You so Much
love the course:)
Great Course!! =)
Learned so much!
very instructive
fabulous start.
Great insights!
Awesome class!
Greate Course!
good but long
Good content!
Great Info.
great cours
It is best
Love that
real good
Great st
Good int
thanx
