Material was not engaging, even though I love accounting. I found it an effort to watch the videos and given that I chose to do this for a general upskill I would have preferred to had enjoyed it as opposed to it becoming a chore.
Really don't think I learned about accounting after this course. The "virtual students" were distracting, as were the attempts at humour. I came in not knowing much about accounting and don't feel like I left knowing much more.
The course was boring and not very engaging. I can see it was trying to be fun but the virtual classmates made me cringe. Maybe they wouldn't be so bad if you had used real voices.
The graphics that argue for incorrect information are confusing. I believe there could have been clearer examples and better organization of equations and charts.
I've only done week 1 of this course, and even though it is said to be for beginners, I would argue and say that it is not designed for beginners. Beginner courses should be designed to teach a student the basics of a subject, and for week 1 there are too many concepts thrown into the lesson plan and there's no way someone who is just learning this will be able to successfully complete the quiz, and the course. The design of Introduction to Marketing was great, the entire course taught you the basics of what you'd expect in Marketing, and it didn't overload you with concepts. Expecting a student to get an 80% or above on the quizzes when they are just learning accounting is ridiculous. Also, when reviewing the quiz to see what answers you got wrong, all of the questions should provide you with the correct answer so you can at least see what you did wrong. Overall, this is not a course that is designed very well for beginners, rather this course would discourage beginners from even pursuing a career path in accounting.
too difficult to follow up with himmaybe it's the topic that is very different for mebut his way of teaching is also weird
The teacher is the worst fucking teacher I found on this fucking website so fucking far, please delete his shit!
I prefer more interactive courses, with some exercises. I find it quite boring and not immediate to understand
Too complicated and too many terms, best for intermediate level and not beginners
full of bugs in the tests ,and not allowing us to pass the tests
Accounting is sometimes counterintuitive and this course does not alleviate that. Expect to spend twice the recommended weekly time on the course, especially if you have no background in accounting. Expect to have to retake the quizzes multiple times to get a pass. (The scoring approach for quizzes means that getting 2 of 3 selections correct in a 5 selection question will still result in a zero score for that question.)The lecturer tries to add humor with cartoon characters, puns and songs. This takes up valuable time that would be better spent explaining the reasons behind some of the counterintuitive aspects (e.g. a debit will increase a cash account); or offering some approaches to assist in memorizing the key equations and relationships. The course can be completed successfully (if somewhat painfully). Suggest you print out the quizzes before you watch the videos (Note: the questions will change each time you submit an attempt, so be ready for new questions!). The printout will let you try to identify the answers as you go. Also, make notes of equations and do your best to relate them to the entries in the spreadsheets to try and identify the impact of low level alterations on high level entries.
The way the material was taught was very dry. I wish there had been many more practical examples. The tests were the best time to really put the material into practice, but there were so few explanations for the answers that it was hard to learn from them. Especially after Week 4, when all that was left was the final quiz and there were zero explanations for the answers, making it really hard to learn from. I just think the material should have been put into more practical accounting terms.
I HAVE COMPLETED THE COURSE AND STILL HAVE NOT RECEIVED MY CERTIFICATE
The videos went so fast that I found myself replaying parts and still not understanding what was being said. I have always been a very high achieving student and I was barely a
Not a fan of the animated video presentations, could have expanded on the vocabulary and concepts.
Ironically it seemed not very linear for an accounting course. Those cartoons have to go.
The info is good, but it's painful to watch the videos.
Starting from the premise that accounting is probably perceived as boring by most, this course does little to try and break that preconceived notion. The animated characters are pretty annoying, they slow down the process of information transfer from professor to student, and they generally make stupid points that seem to get a kick out of the professor
Final Quiz questions were very confusing and some did't align with what was taught in class. It would have been more effective if we had more practice and more examples throughout the course. the final was very difficult compared to the other examples and tests.
Very dry presentation, even cartoons are not funny or engaging, Suggesting to check out "Accounting stuff" on the youtube, to see how a good and artful presentation makes learning accounting easy and fun.
Course is not very interactive (or has rudimentary interactivity), it's exhausting to complete and follow.
hello my opinion don't use animation part again  Thanks
Difficult to follow and videos are very old fashioned.
To be frank, did not think the information was formatted in a easy to learn fashion. The little interactive students were an attempt to break up the lessons, but I found them distracting. Without additional practice on the theories, application was hindered. Outside reading and practice materials are a MUST. This course, on it's own was not helpful. Instead I relied on various sources (outside of Coursera/Wharton) to help further my comprehension. I completed the MBA Math course two months prior and attempted to connect what I learned previously to this course. I was unable to, adding frustration to the evident learning curve. This course definitely needs help in restructuring to provide max benefit to different learning styles.
Course was very difficult to follow although the content itself was excellent. It needs to be delivered in a more engaging manner especially for students who do not have any prior accounting background.
The complete course created more confusion than clarification. The way the content was explained didnt make the learning easy.
This is very good course increase accounting knowledge
really dry and hard to keep people motivated
Stick to the fundamentals and get rid of the animations—they distract from the material. Stress the importance of learning the "grammar"—the types of accounts. Lessen the amount of "curve ball equations" and test at the introduction level to make sure we really learn the basics.I resorted to a couple of other Accounting training web sites for supporting information on all of the topics covered here.I really appreciated the step-by-step on the two case studies and real-world reference to the 3M annual report.Thanks!
course content and case examples are very old (5+ years) by the time I completed the course
This class felt rushed.  Certain sections should have been longer.  For example explaining in more depth how one determines what is categorized as an asset or an expense.  Some sort of reading material probably would have been helpful for a better understanding of the basics and terminology.  I would have preferred longer lectures with (non-graded) practice quizzed for the week rather than spend so much time in the lectures doing examples.The wording on the quizzes and exams felt very unclear and confusing.  The chart based quizzes and exams were some times difficult to read because it was clear that one line item was a subtotal of another the above items and sometimes it wasn't clear on how many of the above items it included.Still a good class overall but required a lot of researching (and learning from other videos online) to achieve to complete this course.  If I have to learn from somewhere else than there is something off with the course.  Otherwise why should I pay to attain certificates here.
I found the first few weeks challenging but interesting and I was learning a lot. Then, in week 3 the course content just seemed to take a huge leap in terms of complexity, and in my opinion it's a bit of a jump for an introductory course!
Was pretty confusing and even though there were good examples, the basic information in the notes seemed a bit light. Also very focused on the US system.
It's the most difficult course so far after I took the business foundation course, however, it's very challenge and useful. I am not good at it, but I did learn a lot. It would be better if professor stop saying the cold jokes which is even more boring when taking this not quite attractive course. I started to realize the beauty of it only after I finished chapter 3... So hard!
I would like for the course to have more information on what is included in the Liabilities, Shareholder's equities, Assets etc.  More explanation  on the T-accounts, and the answers to quizzes not to differ from the videos, e.g which accounts increase when dividends are announced.
This course is somewhat difficult if you do it in solidarity and are not familiar with accounting concepts.
i couldn't stand the virtual students. The lectures were very drawn out so i would lose focus.
I thought the animations made the course a bit less professional.
The pace is a little too fast for a beginner like me.
Although Professor Bushee is very good, the matter is not really entertaining, especially during the first two weeks of the course. To actually learn and pass the exam it is not sufficient to watch the videos, some work should be done at home. To improve the course I would suggest to introduce more homework with written solutions or to lengthen the parts of the videos where exercises and examples are shown. Also, in these parts, the theoretical concepts explained in the previous videos could be reminded more often.
Good course but the quizzes are multiple choice / multiple answer so each question is really like 5 questions.  And, the related content for each quiz question is hard to track down once you've already gone through the video lessons.  There should be a tie back to the original content within the quiz grading so that a more narrow focus can be made for the missed questions.
Professor Bushee is very enaging, and tries very hard to make a rather dry topic interesting.  The quizes feel purposefully tricky, which makes it hard to feel like your actually learning the material.  Overall I feel like the course created more questions than it answered, and I feel like I now have the tools to learn the material, instead of feeling like I learned it.
Good overview. I wouldn't call it complete intro. I have a good understanding of finance from 10 years of non-profit management experience, but I found that this course didn't explain basic terms to start and assumed that you know all the definitions. That said, I got a lot out of this course and now know what to look for moving forward.
Some of the concepts like dividend, retained earnings and additional paid-in capital are not clearly explained, so It's troublesome when I encountered questions related to those topics on the exam. This course is somewhat confusing, maybe because of its short length. But I still learned things from it.
Although the professor was personable, I feel like the material was going by too quickly. It would be nice to have some kind of textbook. There should be a way to make sure that the student doesn't constantly refer to notes during the exam, but I guess nothing can be done about that.
As an Accounting and finance graduate, this was a basic course that I had to take for earning the specialization certificate. For me the most valuable part of the course was week 4, as it helped me remember the important ratios necessary to better evaluate my company.
It's a good basic course to know how accounting generally works.  I'm not sure if it's because of the kind of topic this is but maybe the concepts could be presented in another way that is more engaging as it feels more like a passive learning experience.
There was so much information flying by so quickly it was hard to keep track.  It was good information, but there wasn’t enough explanation for 99% of it before he moved on.  And the virtual students made me feel uncomfortable.
Prof Bushee made the course interesting via the use of the virtual students and his quirky sense of humor. Accounting is a drab subject, and he did a good job of mixing examples and real world situations with the content.
Grading system quite hard. i found it too difficult to keep up with the grading system.  i think it must be changed into single answer, eventhough there got several answer tickboxes. at least give 0.5 or 0.3 point
Excellent professor and material, however, it is my evaluation that more time was needed for the program to be explored thoroughly. I felt as if, most of the time, we were just running thru to meet the schedule.
Good course! Financial accounting is hard. I have a bad memory and there are a lot of terms so it was very challenging but passable. Brian is a good professor.
Was quite difficult to understand, might have design much simpler way . Probably with lengthier and easier approach.
For me it was very hard to understand - I feel like I still don't understand it :/ BUT good teacher, he was good.
the learning curve is really really steep, i feel like it could have been split in two and slowed down more,
Quite challenging if you're not a practicing Accountant
I am not understanding all information in this course
Virtual students are awful. Please make them go away!
It's an eye opening course Thank you professor.
Videos are all so similar, seemed outdated.
Not really for beginners, but informative
Good knowledge, but very poor videos
wish it was a little more involved
useful but extremely dry videos
This was really hard
accounting is hard
Reasonably good
It's iite.
First - what I liked:Prof.  Bushee was a great professor.  I appreciated all the pdf slides that accompanied the course, those made it much easier to study.What I didn't like:It was a tremendous amount of material to cover in a short time.  As I was going through each week, I felt I was understanding, but when I got to the final (part 1), I had so much difficulty.  This tells me that while I understood each component, when they were combined, I was slightly lost.  (and I say this as someone with a masters in engineering, so numbers are not an issue for me).  I think a better overview of how all the financial statements fit together would have been helpful.  It also occurs to me that for someone like myself who really just needs an overview (will never work as an accountant, but want to be able to read/analyze financial statements, this may have been too much information.
The recorded course is ok, but the homework is to basic.In order to succeed in something like accounting, I would suggest to have a lot more practice available. such as : other written examples that we would need to fill out.
Very interesting and the course is presented in a nice way. Though in my opinion, it's tough for a complete beginner in the accounting field. It needs to be reviewed over and over
Videos are too long and content delivery could improved with less use of cartoons.
Very informative, but has tricky exercises.
I am an italian graphic designer, photographer and illustrator. So I'm not exactly the right "accounting-type" of person that can successfully complete an english course on this topic.Nonetheless professor Bushee managed to create a course that even I could follow, understand and complete. I was quite depressed that I had to attend this course to build the Business Foundation Specialization, but I did it. I am very impressed by this and this experience boosted incredibly my self-confidence. I also realized some basic but very important facts about finance that will for sure protect my business and money in the years to come.The course is not easy, but has been made easier and enjoyable as much as possibile. The cartoon guys and girls that randomly appears in the video lessons seemed quite obnoxious in the beginning, but they play an important role in expressing questions and doubts. They also make everything a little more light and funny, which is good. So I somewhat loved them in the end.I found just two weak points: 1. the math that is used here (and in all US accounting, I realized) is different than the one used in Italy and I think in all Europe. Basically here there are no "-" and "+". A subtraction is represented by a number in brackets like (250). It took me some time and effort to understand this and I still find it very unusual.2. the attached pdfs could really be improved by some graphics and by the addition of a list of categories and operations for the double-entry. Now you have to scavenge the web to find them, not all sites list all of them and as the course goes on things become more and more complex…I anyway recommend this course.
Although the instructor mentioned that extra problems or explanations can be found in textbooks, I wish there were more problem sets I could work on in Coursera.  Otherwise, the course was very well organized and understandable.  The most difficult part for me was just trying to memorize or at least be aware of what T-accounts were available.  There would be no way one would know what accounts to put particular transactions without having a good overview of the existing sets of accounts.  All the accounts for the Relic Spotter Case Study were on a downloadable pdf, but during the lecture videos, I had to keep bringing up that sheet to remember what accounts were there.  Other difficulties I had were the revenue and expense recognition criteria, especially for transactions for goods or cash that was delivered in the future.
This was a good class!  It was painful, but good.  I think the inclusion of the 2 case studies was vastly helpful.  The professor was great at explaining concepts and did a thorough job of trying to explain accounting concepts in an online format.  It was great to be able to combine the online instruction with the case studies to get practical experience.  I think it would have been 5 star if there were more "homework" type problems as the exams felt challenging with so little practice, especially on cash flow statements.  Also, I'm not sure if this can be done, but it would have been great to have explanations on  how answers were derived for test questions if you missed them.
This is a great course!  I really enjoyed the professor and his teaching style, and found the slides to be immensely helpful when reviewing.  Overall, this is a very approachable and enjoyable course that will help you get your bearings about what's going on in accounting.  He teaches T accounts at the very beginning, which I'm told by my CPA friends is a sign of a really good professor. The only reason I didn't mark this as a five star course is because some the quiz questions looked at the information at a slightly angle than was presented during the lectures and I would have appreciated some additional sample or practice questions to make those connections.
Excellent introduction to a tough subject. The instructor is excellent, anticipates questions in a fun way, and makes it easy to pay attention. Only reason it's not 5 stars is that I found the second part of final exam surprisingly difficult and had a hard time looping back to the course material to understand why I was getting the answers wrong. I still don't know, but the discussion groups are quite active and the instructor participates, so there area a lot of pluses. It's a lot to take in over a short period of time when you have other obligations. I recommend making time to review the week 3 material well before taking the exam.
A very good & creative teaching method adopted - animated students, gave a good feel of virtual class and moreover Prof. Brian's way of teaching was nice with his in depth knowledge of the subject.Only thing that can be improved on overall Coursera exams & quiz is: after the student has passed the exam, he / she should have an option to see the detailed answers of the questions which he attempted wrong, because a student might not try again & again after he has passed the test & moreover he could gauge the answer at all. So it will be really helpful if he gets to know the detailed answer instead of just saying "Incorrect / Correct".
A lot of material is covered in this course. Would help a ton if the subjects covered were given twice as much time to comprehend and really nail down the different facets. As it is there are tons of new concepts taught each week. Pretty intense. The condensed nature of this course is not really the teacher's fault, just a victim of the format.That said, Brian Bushee is clearly a great teacher who does an excellent job of walking you through the principles and practices in accounting. I also greatly appreciated his sense of humor throughout the course!
I found this course engaging and interesting for the majority of the time. I have struggled with previous courses (especially ones with accounting or finance) where the jump between weeks are so great it's difficult to keep up, but Professor Bushee did an excellent job addressing more difficult topics with the 'virtual students'. I struggled a bit in week 2 but eventually came through after some additional self-study. With that being said, I can now confidently say I can read financial reports issued by public corporations.
The teacher is absolutely terrific. I really loved how he thinks out questions and is very thorough. He is amazing. However, I felt like the statement of cash flow part was a little confusing. Also, I felt like there could have been more examples during the lesson like what was in the final exam where it actually walked through fixing mistakes and knowing how to detect errors. I struggled with understanding those questions because I don't remember going through many examples like that during the lessons.
I enjoyed the hands on examples. For someone like me with absolutely zero background in accounting, the examples provided a good way to truly grasp the concepts. While I don't anticipate actively using any accounting methods in my own career, I believe this course gave me an intro on how to gauge a company's growth and performance based on some standard financial metrics. I'll admit the starting was hard but by the end of the course, I was able to understand more and more of the material.
A straightforward intro course on the rather intimidating subject of reading financial statements and accrual accounting. You will come away from this with better ability to speak financial language and be able to understand to a degree how financials work in businesses. It gives you the fundamentals to then learn further about analysis of business. If you plan to start your own business, this definitely gives a good portrait or the importance of responsible accounting practices.
The professor was very funny and his virtual students kept me interested when I started to fall asleep from all of the formulas. I have a good high level understanding of accounting now, but if I was asked specific questions about formulas we covered I would not know them off the top of my head. This is more because there were so many of them rather than the professor not explaining them well enough. However, I have the PDF notes from each week so I can always pull those up!
An awesome course, as an economist I handle the basics of corporate finance and investments, however, felt like reinforcing the finance foundations and couldn't find a better course than introduction to financial accounting to do that.Professor Bushee designed this course flawlessly as it is intuitive to understand what he's trying to explain in each session. Also he's got a great sense of humor which makes a quantitative course like this a lot less boring.Congratulations!!
Overall the course was really good. Given the subject, I was expecting the videos to be dry and boring. But Professor Brian manages to keep the sessions light and funny. There is a good mix of theory and practical examples using the case studies. This helped me to solidify my knowledge and apply it against real use cases. I also found the tests at the end of each week to be adequately challenging ie not too easy and not too hard. Great job putting up this course.
Very good course for an introduction to financial accounting.Most of the basics are covered from the professor in a course of 4 weeks.The homework/quiz for each week was really good. Only drawback is that you cannot contact the professor. For any questions you have to post in the forum and hope that someone will reply.Recommended for anyone who feels that needs to revise the basics of Financial Accounting quickly or start from scratch!
The course material is very well designed to suit the needs of anyone who does not come from a finance background. I would recommend this course to anyone who is just about to begin his journey on the path of financial accounting. Professor Bushee explains all the elementary concepts very effectively.I faced a lot of server related issues while pursuing this course. Hopefully that will not affect any other courses I take in the future.
Everything in this course was new to me, since I've never had anything to do with accounting before; in the beginning it was pretty comprehensible, all new terminology was explained,; but in week 4 I felt completely lost- I wasn't sure what we were working on anymore. Anyways, I just wanted to discover if accounting would be something that would interest me- I don't think so now :) But I did enjoy learning new things.Best,Anna
Awesome course. The professor did an excellent work keeping the engagement high and explained the key concepts very well.The only thing I didn't like was how fast week 4 went. The leap was huge and there weren't enough explanations to understand how the professor came up with some numbers (unlike what happened in earlier weeks, when there were many clarifications and more examples). Aside from that, I'd recommend taking it.
Professor Brian Bushee is definitely hilarious with his lowkey jokes and virtual students, but he approaches the theoretical side way too abstractly (only terms and straight formulas), all in a row, making it significantly hard to understand or even memorize what he is trying to teach. Tons of exercises partially make up for it, but I would enjoy better if his slides weren't basically composed of terms and definitions.
Professor Bushee's presence on camera and instruction style were very good.As a complete beginner in the field, the content of weeks 3 and 4 was a bit excessive and presented too rapidlyWould prefer more detailed feedback (specifically recommended areas of study) in response to failed quizzes.Overall an informative (but difficult) course that confirmed my long-standing belief that I have little aptitude for accounting
A great course for someone (such as myself) who has next to no knowledge of finance and accounting. I was looking to be able to generally make sense of company financial reports, and that's exactly what I gained from this course. It became a tad more technical than I needed it to be in weeks 3 and 4, but don't let that put you off. It's worth the extra effort (and a couple of failed first attempts at quizzes) to pass.
I was new this financial accounting thing. The initial concepts of accounting are very important to understand whole chapters and Those concepts need to be covered in detail and in a simple manner. The way of teaching was great and having a word problem practice quiz as homework would have helped more with detailed answers. At the end a great professor with great knowledge and great teaching. Glad to be part of it.
It was a really great course! The lectures were high-quality, to-the-point. and very enjoyable. I wish there had been a bit more opportunities to practice the calculations, though. The first couple weeks were perfect because the instructor provided plenty of exercises, but the other two weeks did not have as many of those, and I'm worried that I won't be able to retain the knowledge without the practice.
I feel like I am really learning a lot about a topic I've always considered to be pretty difficult. Professor Bushee does a good job of communicating the concepts and the way they fit together.  His approach has helped me develop a confident grasp of the fundamentals--which is saying a lot since I've tried to make sense of this material before but have never quite gotten my head around it in the past.
The explanations can be a bit more introductory in nature. As I already had experience in accountancy, I could keep with the course, but it felt like as an introductory course, there should be more explanation orientation towards making it even simpler. The variety of topics and the depth was brilliant and very useful. The ratio analysis using various Financial Reporting Statements seems very useful.
In terms of content, very good course. I think it can be updated regarding tools and perhaps a different way of delivering the information. I liked the cases, and how each topic was addressed and shown with an specific example. I didn't find very useful the questions in the final exam, though I had to re do it, and that is something that I'm not used to, I didn't enjoy the type of questions.
Very clear, organised, and entertaining course. Professor Bushee (and his tech team) did a great job. Some non-graded practice exercises could be provided to the students as a form of training prior to the different tests. I would suggest the following number of non-graded exercise sets per week: 2 easy (2 x 10 questions) + 2 medium (2 x 10 questions) + 2 hard (2 x 10 questions).
Very good content, very organized. But the material is heavy and need a lot of focus as the instructor needs to deliver a lot in very short time. I got back to some videos more than two times because I've missed some information. But in general it was not very hard.The instructor is humorous and entertaining and I liked the virtual students very much.
Pretty good course.  The instructor is engaging, and parts of the course make sense.  I had a lot of trouble with Accounting, and I spoke with a friend and he agreed.  Accounting is one of those subjects where things don't necessarily  make sense in a way you can just figure out.  The only way to get those items is brute force, memorize them.
This is a through peek into account if one is not an account student/professional. Now I can indeed "read" a company's annual report and make sense of it.Prof Bushee has a dry sense of humor (does that fit the stereotype of accountants) but he is a good instructor, trying hard to make things challenging.
Thoughtful and smart introduction to accounting. I thought some of the quiz/test questions were worded poorly so some of the test content did not feel like you were actually being tested on your knowledge of the content, it was testing how literal or non-literal your understanding of the questions to be.
Lecturer explained concepts really clearly and in way such that it is easy to understand. The examples given are great as I can see how the concepts work and how they are applied. The pace is fast for a beginner but acceptable taking into account that it spans over only a few hours for 4 weeks.
You could improve a little bit by considering that this course will not be taken by just Economics related students. You might want to develop a short notes kind of stuff for ease of access. Otherwise, great work sir! Especially, when you do the "Put the gain in, take the gain out..." :P
I think this course was exceptional in the way professor Brian teaches, makes things simplified. It is needless to say this course requires a lot of concentration and is more than an introduction especially concerning those who come from a totally different background (like myself).
Professor kept it lively. Accounting is hard, and the work was challenging but he taught well, kept it engaging, and taught me a LOT. This class truly shows the quality of education that Coursera houses, at a truly great price compared to a class at an institution.
some of the videos were very long and theoretical. I do realize this may have been way easier in front of a live crowd. I would think of way to make the videos simpler and more exciting like less theories and more had written example. Over all THANK YOU
Great course and relatively easy to follow.  Some quizzes and tests really challenge you by framing the questions in formats that weren't previously utilized, which can be frustrating, but it forces you to earn the course completion.
i've just started this course again. Hopefully, I'll finish it this time. I love the way professor is going abot the accounting. I always found the subject very boring but the professor makes me like and learn these bland numbers.
Very difficult course. I did it since it is required in order to complete the Specialization.However, if you want to learn details of financial accounting and how to prepare financial statements then this course will be useful.
Good introduction to the world of accounting, however, this is an especially difficult topic to learn via an online course. My recommendation would be to supplement the course with an intro workbook and practice problems.
Really nice overview of basic accounting concepts.  Sometimes I felt the lectures didn't walk through things too quickly, but the videos were entertaining and the course covered a fair amount of ground in a short time.
Pretty clear but a big boring sometimes. Great examples. Can go through it pretty quickly. I did all 4 weeks in about 10 days and did another course in that time frame also...so only took me about 5 days to complete.
I doubt whether it is an introductory course because this course surely needs supplementary materials to fully understand the materials. Anyway, I loved the professor and glad that I had a chance to take this course!
+ the subject is well explained; + the teacher is trying to put some entertainment into the course, to make it less boring. '- it is still not clear why the financial accounting is not simplified since ancient time.
I enjoyed the course and found the examples helpful. But the amount of content was too much for the time given - I often felt rushed and spent much more time on the course than I would have expected per week.
Course is very well organized. It is a great course for someone who is from a Non-Finance background and want to dwell deep in Finance and accounting Domain.It surely had motivated me to take further courses.
I enjoyed this course. and learnt a lot. The professor kept material interesting and had relevant examples for the material.  The fun tone for what can be at times dray material was very much appreciated.
The course was very educational and taught me the fundamentals so I can think about a career in accounting.  The learning style isn't boring and provides good information about real world problems.
I love Prof Brian Bushee's teaching methods.... He tries hard to bring a bit of entertainment (however geeky) to a very dry and tough subject. The course is clearly laid out with examples....
Very nice. I found the lectures long and kept struggling to come back to them. Not sure why. I liked the method, professor was good. Maybe it wast to heavy for me because everything was new
Prof. Bushee makes accounting preeetty engaging. Some of the later exams seemed to still be a bit out of my reach and would take a few revisions of the course material to get full marks.
Prof is really good and very in depth. I am not sure but the emphasis is alot of Statement of Cash Flows (whole of Weeks 3). Not much on Income Statement. Exam is really tough too.
Great course and Brian J Bushee is excellent. I believe there should be a small booklet with all definitions of accounting terms like accrual account, permanent account, and etc..
Great instruction and great use of examples and application to actual businesses.  Test would have been more helpful if it provided more accurate feedback on missed answers.
I'm getting a grip on the knowledge in the vast accounting world.So much resources at disposal,can't wait to finish the full specialization. Thank you for the opportunity!
Great course! I enjoyed the disposition and humor of the instructor. Some of the topics got tricky pretty quickly, but after repeated viewings, became a bit more clear.
The course itself is good. Should really work on last 2 exams. Very confusing and has no indication of which answers are right, why, and why other answers are wrong.
The lectures do a nice job of explaining the concepts. However, I wish the homework assignments gave the right answers to me so I can figure out what I did wrong.
Great and helpful examples o go through regularly - Id like some some more practice questions and maybe the excel spreadsheet at the beginning to fill in as I go?
The course was good the professor explained everything very well,  although if he gave a little more homework and assignments that would be great. Thank you 🙏.
professor is really trying to use cases to make up for boring material. The virtual students add points too.If only the professor could speak not that fast....
I enjoy the practical comparison with 3M company. Professor Bushee explains the topic in a fairly understandable way and provides practical examples.
I enjoyed Professor Boucher, but struggled to understand the material in a practical way. Having practice problems/sets would have helped immensely.
Great course. I learned a lot about accounting and would rate this course as intermediate. I wish that there were more videos about ratio analysis.
Clear and concise instructor. Great format. I would have liked a little more background info...perhaps this is something I should have had prior.
Great course. I wish there was a little more material dedicated to the significance of how changes on one statement affect the other statements.
Good course, however it's very different to the accounting we study in the UK hence why it was quite difficult for me at times! Thanks anyways!
Very easy to follow and goes through step-by-step how to create and understand Balance Sheet, Income Statement, Cash Flows, and some ratios.
There were some idioms which makes me search on the internet to know what those idioms mean. Wish there were some more exercise to practice.
Well made course that gives you the basics of Financial Accounting. You can take this course without any business background. Very useful.
Very interesting. A bit boring the part of writing the books but I really liked the cash flow part and the ratio. Gets very interesting.
The corny joke grow on you. And I agree with other students, the ratio parts were glossed over too fast, and need some expanding upon.
The pace of the course increases towards the last week and makes hard to keep up. As a whole it was a wonderful course, learnt a lot.
Excellent course. Would be really good if there was a paid for additional level beyond the More Introduction to Financial Accounting.
Great professor- Brian is able to explain difficult concepts very clearly.  Watching the videos and reviewing the slides are a must.
It was a great challenge but has helped me understand importact concepts in financial accounting. Thank you so much for the course
Really great  COURSEWith an explanation of a great master and a graded approach from easy to difficult and the existence of duties
Videos were great and helpful, especially with the questions in between.  The forums are dated and feedback seems to be missing.
Very good course to refresh concepts, a bit hard for total beginners. All the concepts very well explained and good dynamics.
The latter part offers terrific demonstration on cash flows and ratio analysis. But the former part is kinda boring. Keep on!
very complete information, and resources. the professor is very enthciastic, makes questions one as a student would have.
too many (mark all that apply) questions. Liked the professor's sense of humor it brought a lightness to a heavy subject.
i like iti did not love it because its hard to get every thing in a small course.i ll recommend it to every one :)
Love the virtual students adding a friendly atmosphere to the virtual classes, and clarifying the misconceptions.
Overall course is great, the only thing is that seems quite outdated. Would be good to have more recent examples.
Perhaps a bit nerdy, but hey, it's an accounting course.  Very little fluff, and all was new info to me.  Thanks!
Great Course, the Professor explained it in a way which I wasn't grasping in my resident course at my University.
Great videos, very engaging. This is a great base for anyone that knows very little about financial accounting.
For someone with zero knowledge of financial accounting, one can learn a lot in a short leriod period of time
The professor is hilarious! I wish he spent more time on theory and less time on the memorization practices.
Informative and useful, even if, in my opinion, at times a bit boring, but that's probably due to the topic.
this course give me more and important information about the basic rules and introduction about Accounting..
The professor was very entertaining and did good job to explain what I feel is a difficult topic for me.
I don't I would have been able to complete the course if not for the method of teaching by the proffesor
Virtual students disturb the course but  i really appreciated the course structure and all exercises
Very hard and dry topic to teach to non-accountants, however Professor Bushee did a great job.Thanks
Quite in-depth and evenly paced course. The fundamentals of financial accounting are well explained
I actively enjoyed it! And the virtual students are memorable and bring up valid points (usually!)
straightforward and easy to understand. perfect for someone who has a sparse accounting knowledge
Good professor, good energy, varied teaching methods with repetition, repetition and repetition.
Very good teacher and arguments. I suggest to follow these lessons to improve accounting skills
I learned a lot from his lecture and I am willing to take course again to understand better
The professor is great, however the material is too much for such a short course.
Great content and teaching delivery! Thanks for the course material and approach.
The course did a good job on teaching me the basic accounting and ration analysis
Gave good knowledge about financial accounting and cleared many misconceptions.
The course is very straight forward with short lecture videos and weekly exams.
Excellent course content and delivery. The week 3 & 4 could have more examples.
An excellent course for beginners. The idea of virtual classroom was good.
Last week of the course should examine in detail for better understanding.
The course was really practical and Professor was ok in cracking jokes.
Clear and concise initiation. The jokes become annoying at some point.
Good materials, professor is passionate. Tests are a bit hard, though!
Thank you so much I suggest add the Arabic language for some courses.
This helped me a lot during my exam for my MBA. Thank you professor.
Great Course to get the fundamentals of accounting into your brain
should go into more advanced stuff like goodwill and tax and nci
Clear presentation, lots of information, practical application.
Very good course i learned a lot ; all thanks for the professor
Interesting course to get you familiar with accounting topics!
more confusing than the other courses but still very well done
A thoroughly rigorous and enjoyable course..the prof's great !
Not a fan of accounting but the course was quite witty and fun
Perfect Insights on the Fundamentals of Financial Accounting.
it was good, I wish they explained the answers to the quizzes
Its amazing to learn the basics of Accounting and bookkeeping
Very good - I liked the prof. - good nerdy sense of humour.
VIRTUAL STUDENTS were very useful throughout the course.
Fun lectures, very difficult to understand but doable.
Great course.  Solid intro to accounting principles.
Great course, love the virtual student interactions.
This is an effective entry-level accounting course.
Very good course though videos are  bit long
I found this course to be very informative.
Awesome course to start with accounting
very usefule course , i like it.
Engaging and easy to understand.
Excellent course for beginners!
Awesome overview of the basics.
Nice course. I really liked it.
Very interesting and involving.
very good course for a novice.
its really helpful and good.
Overall, a very good course.
Don't like the animations
Good and well explained.
it's very useful course
Very informative !!
I love Accounting.
it's great course
great prof ^_^
Helpful, easy.
Good info.
Its nice
The teacher is really enthusiastic about his material, his lessons seem to cover the major notions around the topic and the overall technical quality of this course can't be critized. Thanks again :)
I took Brian Bushee's course and found him to be one of the BEST INSTRUCTORS I'VE EVER HAD IN MY ENTIRE LIFE.  If you've had trouble with accounting courses in the past, HE IS THE INSTRUCTOR FOR YOU!!!
The professor made lectures fun and easier to digest, and the hands-on case studies are good practice to cement the lessons taught. Will definitely recommend to people who want to learn accounting!
Financial Accounting made fun. Wow
great course simple to understand and very entertaining.  i really like the idea of the virtual students they add a nice touch to the course and the instructions and provide good questions and answers
A very useful course for someone without any or a little prior knowledge about financial accounting. Full of examples and math works. A helpful guide to learn the A B C of basic financial accounting.
There are thousands of exceptions and tricky parts involved in accounting but Professor Brian Bushee made sure to cover each and every doubt a student can have with the use of virtual students. Being my first time even touch the accounting subjects, I feel my basics a strong and crystal clear. Thank you so much Prof. Brian Bushee.
The course is very easy to understand, and most importantly it is fun to learn accounting! I find this course covers basic yet comprehensive contents compared to other basic accounting online courses.
Prof Bushee taught clearly and the course has wide topic coverage. I’m pretty confident with my accounting knowledge after this course.
This is an excellent introductory course to Financial Accounting. However, it is fast paced, and the professor will throw curveballs at you every now and then, which means this course is not for the faint of heart. I also found the wording of certain questions to be a bit vague and confusing, so I had to resort to other learning resources to comprehend what was being asked. And the animations can be a hit or miss, but I think the ones that asked questions or asked for more elaborating were spot on. Prof. Bushee does seem to know where students might struggle and doesn't shy away from elucidating complex topics.All things considered, I feel this was an immensely rewarding and intellectually challenging course. The final exams tied together the subject matter of every module beautifully, and now I feel I have a really solid grounding if I want to pursue more advanced courses in accounting.I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to learn about accounting and/or start a career in finance. For those who have had no prior exposure to accounting, this course may seem a bit daunting at first. But fret not. An immense amount of resources is available online, completely free of cost, which you could refer to in order to better comprehend the concepts. If you stick with it, I can assure you that you will find this course worth your time and effort. I found it very rewarding, and I hope so do you!
I really like this course. My main purpose to learn accounting is to 
better understanding financial statements of public companies so that I 
can invest in stock better. Before this course, I only have rough 
understanding of accounting, but not knowing much on the relationships 
and changes between different items. Professor Bushee made this topic self-contained and very easy to understand. He instructed this course both intensively and extensively, with numerous examples to help us memorize concepts (well I personally think that remembering examples is the best way to remember new concepts, that's how human learn though). I specially like his virtual students. I can imagine that Professor Bushee took a lot of efforts to make these funny animations, e.g. students have different nationalities, accents (I like that French student's accent haha) and characteristics (some students are cautious when asking questions, while some are "prudent"). I also liked the scene that all students fell asleep, that they quit class for coffee, and that they quit the last class for preparing final exams). Nevertheless, I found the questions by these virtual students very insightful and close to what I have in mind! This again proves Professor Bushee took much time to understand students' common questions throughout his career and put them on the screen for us!
Professor Brian Bushee made learning financial accounting very enjoyable! Not only was his lecture videos informative (of course), he finds ways of injecting humor in his lectures to stir away from the boring subjects and very serious matters. His lecture notes files are also named in a very organized way that corresponds to the week that they were taken up in so back referencing during exam reviews would be a breeze. He also made a point of including A LOT of examples and examples after examples that covers about everything in the course so the student will not be surprised during exams of items that were not taken up. I just wish the virtual students could have better audio and accent in terms of delivering the statements but this was well compensated in the speech bubbles that come with the appearance of the virtual student. Over all, these helped in my understanding of the concepts better. This course is highly recommended to everyone. I am an engineer by profession and I used to fear accounting subjects prior to my finishing the degree. But taking up this course made that fear go away.
Professor Brian Bushee is a wonderful teacher. He makes Financial Accounting interesting by illustrating how it can be practically applied in real life scenarios. There are many examples so that you don't have to conceptualize everything and the material is more comprehensible. He makes it entertaining by introducing virtual students that ask him questions that real students would ask and a few that i hadn't thought to ask but provide beneficial information.There is a lot of material. It is quite complex. Financial Accounting is a mix of rules, intuition, terms that must be learned, very particular processes, and last but not least, some math. This isn't for the faint of heart. That said, I found it interesting and learned more than I had planned on. I may take the follow up course as well. I can't imagine learning this material from a typical instructor. I wouldn't enjoy it and i wouldn't be able to take as much from it. Superior course. Apologies for any typos.
The professor provided a wonderful course. He took a subject that seems scary and made it enjoyable and fun. I thought his jokes, and the use of his virtual students, were an unexpected element that I actually enjoyed more and more throughout the class. For the virtual students, their use of valid questions I may/may not have thought of were great as well as sometimes just saying slow down and repeat. This shows the professor's excellence over his subject AND teaching it.The material was presented logically and in bite-sized pieces that were easier for a non-business person to understand and retain. The two running examples, Relic Spotter and 3M, were great to synthesize all of the information that had been learned in the current and previous week(s).While I will definitely have to go through the materials again to cement them into my head, I have learned a lot from this course and thoroughly enjoyed it!
This course is presented in a surprising comprehensive way that will let you understand the basic functions of accounting. It will help you build the concrete foundations that will enable you to make sense of more complicated concepts as you progress in your career. Professor Brian Bushee is in my opinion a gifted tutor since he possesses the ability to transfer his knowledge in a simple interesting and comprehensive way that will let you understand the logic behind the accounting principles and the way of thinking without requiring from you any related background. He helped me expand my horizons and actually find a job in the accounting sector but most of all he made me understand and form my way of thinking around accounting in a robust and confident way. I give my thanks and gratitude to the maestro of Debits and Credits and I hope he will help you in the same way and even more.
I'm convinced Professor Bouchee is the A in Accounting. His ability to clearly communicate and engage me in this class was of pleasant surprise.  I used to consider Accounting  to be a daunting (and quite honestly, tedious) subject. Turns out it is a very valuable and essential tool in tracking and analyzing the overall operation and financial health of a business. I could not have come to this realization and intuitive feel for the subject if it wasn't for the professors' impressive teaching ability. I would like to note his usage of '"virtual students" to bring in important questions and different perspectives to the concepts at hand. Many times, their interjections and the arguments generated from them were a big help when trying to understand these such concepts.Overall, the course is top notch, will definitely recommend it.
I have no prior experience in Accounting, yet I did not expect to learn so much from this course given that it's merely an introductory course but how wrong I was! Accounting is essentially a very dry subject but so important in doing and understanding business operations. Prof. Bushee did a really great job at making Accounting as fun as it can be with the help of the virtual students which I find not annoying at all. I learned so much from just this one course than I learned from another Maths Specialization (ahem not gonna say which one). I like Prof. Bushee so much that I will take his other courses on Coursera. For those of you who need to know Accounting for some reasons (personally, I wanna invest in stock market), just enroll in this course it's really worth it!
I found this course as addictive of studying with all its facility materialsI pray and hope a better life for Professor, Brian J Bushee. and wish he could cooperate thousands of knowledge seeker those who(m) are unable to pay for studying in university in Financial Accounting course as students from Afghanistan, or Africa, Middle east and other countries who(m) are eligible to improve their knowledge in Financial Accounting term.once again I appreciate President (Chancellor), Professors and all members of Wharton University of Pennsylvania that they really facilitate this course for all people around the world and specially for me where I will find my prospective job by studying most of lessons.Thank you,Sincerely,Ahmad Reshad Darwishy
Having near to zero knowledge about accounting this was a great introductory course for me. In other "introductory" accounting courses, I find often times lecturers forget the lack of literacy of students, and basically throw everything at you, which makes things a lot harder. That is where this course stands out. The professor really takes his time to break down and explain concepts while providing many examples.  The virtual students are a great idea! I did find them useful to reinforce imporant aspects while bringing a bit of humor to the class. Now be prepared to invest some time into this, I found workload of week 3 especially big!In summary, great course for beginners. I look forward to take other courses from this professor.
I’ve just completed this course and have to say I have learned a lot! The professor Brian Bushee is very good, meaning that he explains everything in details and an easy understandable language. Which is very important when you learn something like financial accounting and financial statements and most challenging in a language which is not your first language. Course is very interesting and informative. P.S. before starting course I’ve read most asked questions and one of them was about virtual students, but I have to say I did enjoy going through this course with them :) learning accounting something could get boring, but they definitely brought some fun and most importantly asked questions I wanted to ask!
Excellent introduction!  Professor Bushee is clear, organized, and best of all goofy.  A high-quality course right down to the formatting of the slide and video presentations.  Plus, it covered exactly what I was looking for – starting with basic journal entries on the general ledger (including adjusting and closing entries) and then building into the foundations of some key financial statements (balance sheet, income statement, and cash flow statement) and ratio analysis thereof.  And the price is right!  Free to audit (including graded assignments) and only $95 for the certificate (which not everyone will need, but it's still a huge bargain considering the cost of university per unit).  A+!
When I started with the course, It took me some time to adjust to the style the course was delivered. I thought it might get boring, especially since I am completely from a non-finance background. But as I made progress with the course, I must say, Professor Brian has really done a great job, explaining the details of the concepts. I really liked the detailed case study analysis. It was lot of information, a very fast tracked course, but since we can always revisit the videos, they can give one a very good start. Thanks to the virtual class room, they are an acquired taste, towards the end of the course I got used to them, and missed their interesting questions. Thank you Prof. Brian.
Prof.  Brian J Bushee has created an excellent course that is very interesting, entertaining not to mention you learn a lot within a few weeks of your time. I
highly recommend it to anyone who wants to learn or brush
up their understanding of the fundamental principles of
financial accounting.Thanks
for your self deprecating humor- it put us at ease. I felt as if
I am sitting in your class, listening to your course live. 
I can't wait for your follow up course to attend.In
addition to being a great teacher with the mastery of
the subject, Prof. Brian Bushee can be a full-time creator of
a highly successful animation show packed with a great sense of humor.Go
Blue.Shivram
Very complete and in depth course for a beginner. Lots of info and material for future reference. Very clear lectures. I had started the same kind of course on another platform were the way the subject was taught was completely different, I found it hard and for other reasons decided to enroll in this one, which in comparison is way more linear and logic in the way it introduces the topics.Only one suggestion to make the course a bit easier to understand, would be to use a bit of flow charts to better visualize some concepts. But that's only because some people may be more comfortable memorizing images.Great work, terrific value for money!
Excellent course. I found it quite challenging and learned a huge amount. The course was well structured and extremely well prepared for this online learning format. The instructor did an outstanding job of presenting the material systematically and patiently, with lots (tons!) of examples. He definitely understands the persistence required to understand the subject and teaches the course the same way one must learn a language, a comparison he made from the beginning. The virtual students were fun and loved the quirky humour and forehead-slapping puns. Professor Buschee, I take my hat off to you, sir!
This course will introduce you to accounting in the efficient and smooth way. Most importantly, the professor really knows how to teach it! We all know that accounting is boring and many of us are struggling to get even the basics. However, if you stay tuned throughout the course you will see that the professor is doing exceptional work while introducing Cash Flow Statement (which is the most challenging part of financial accounting to many newbeies). I highly recommend the course to those who just started studying Accounting OR who wants to review the basics before landing a new job or internship.
I am a rising high school junior who just completed this course during the summer. I am highly interested in business, so this course was relatively fun for me. Professor Bushee's lessons were easy to understand, straightforward, and very get-to-the-point, which I enjoyed. Personally, this course was a bit of a challenge. Since it is a college-level course, some of the topics were harder for me to understand and get a hold of. But overall, I think that as long as one tries to understand the lectures and memorizes the important equations, the course is great. I greatly enjoyed this course!
By means of this course, I got to understand the most fundamentals concepts of financial accounting. Professor Brian is very good at explaining this concepts, with a very entertaining way of teaching. I needed to go back to classes to take and retake the tests, so it shows that you must comprehend the concepts in order to pass the Tests. I would recommend this course to anyone that wants to learn about accouting. For my case, which is related to process to becoming an investment banker, this course was a great foundation, and the stepping stone into the other courses offered by coursera.
Thank you so much for this course, Prof. Brian. It's so interactive while the questions asked and points made by your virtual students were relatable and yes, I was having fun while learning, At first, I told myself that I don't need to learn accounting stuff but this course changed my mind. I'm now confident to look, read and analyze financial reports of my current company or even those of my dream companies.Thank you again. Cheers to more students and professionals alike who will find this course useful, interactive and relatable!Real Prado, Mechanical EngineerPhilippines
Fantastic overview, covered all desired topics going into the course. The material itself was engaging and interesting, it should be said, however, that the instructor has a perplexing way of going about this. There is a running gag of having virtual students be angry and/or bored with the presented material. As someone genuinely interested in the topic, this came off rather crass and de-motivating rather than humorous. That said, the material itself was incredibly engaging and perfectly paced. Professor Bushee is an incredible teacher, perhaps not so incredible a comedian.
Learning accounting was once described to me as "something as fun as chewing cardboard." This was not the case with Prof. Bushee's class. I came in never having taken an accounting class before and he made the topics approachable and understandable. The virtual students are silly at first (and continue to be so throughout the class), but I chuckled at them many times and their questions were often the exact questions I was thinking. I enjoyed Prof. Bushee's sense of humor and use of "dad jokes" to keep the material light and kept me engaged. Thanks so much!
Very interesting fun and thorough course. Apart from the very high amount of notions offered, which is what one would expect from a course, they were broken down incredibly well. The Professor explains it so well that makes you able to pick up even most complex things at first sight. The only negative point of this course is that during the exams wherever you make a mistake then it does not tell you why, not even a hint. Anyway you can work it through by using the tools and notions you´ve justlearned which is also a positive thing of the course as well.
Wow, is this a great course! Professor Bushee has such a talent for making what could be very complicated, straightforward and simple.  He has a great knack for explaining Financial Accounting step by step and building upon each lesson in subsequent lessons.  He goes slow enough to make it easy to grasp the material but fast enough to keep the students.  His nutty sense of humor is really great and I loved the comments he had the virtual students make.  Very entertaining and sometimes they were the questions I would have asked live myself.
Awesome course. I had no previous knowledge of any of these topics but at the end of the course I was confident with the Accounting Language. Thanks to Prof Brian Bushee that seems to have understood perfectly the true meaning of fun in learning. I really appreciated the presence of virtual students that helped to clarify some doubts that I raised in my head during the lessons. It was not just theory, but with the Relic Spotter case you had also the chance to put in practise what you were learning. Absolutely recommended.
Professor Bushee put together an excellent course that allowed me to grasp basic accounting principles despite having no formal financial education on the subject whatsoever.  He has virtual students who ask well-timed, relevant questions and it's just campy enough to keep you engaged in spite of the dry subject matter.  Professor Bushee is a clearly gifted instructor with a passion for his work.  I never thought I'd say I enjoyed an accounting class, but it was a solid experience throughout and I'm happy that I took it.
Professor Brian J Bushee really went the extra mile explaining each of the concepts little by little. The best thing about his lessons was he takes you to the process of Financial Accounting from the start to finish, with some humor along the way.  He was also kind enough to give real-life examples and his own experiences that really helped me to understand the hard to grasp concepts. The cartoon students were also a good touch in my opinion because they helped clarify some tricky questions that I also had in mind.
One of the most engaging professors ever. As someone with minimal background in accounting, if any, this course was extremely accessible and not at the expense of substance. Pedagogically, Prof Brian has really refined methods. He can make the dullest topics such a joy to learn. Personally, I enrolled to get a better grasp of the terminology in fundamental analysis to improve my investment strategy; this course has certainly helped me along that path. I highly recommend this course to anybody with similar goals.
I really enjoyed this course.  The course was exceptionally well organized and a lot of fun to take.  I thought the instructor was outstanding.  Even had a spot of dry humor, which is always welcome.  I would recommend the course to anyone who wanted to get a strong, broad-brushed introduction to financial accounting as well as a basic introduction to accounting. It is not an easy course in the sense that the instructor sets a hard pace and puts forth a great deal of information. It will make you think.
Great class.  Prof. Bushee's lectures were very clear and informative.  As a young professional working in the Investment Management industry with no formal prior training in Financial Accounting, this was a fantastic way to learn the basics.  The animated students were a nice touch - they often asked questions which I myself wanted to ask.  It felt like a real lecture, except the comments/questions from the animated students were (usually) productive and helpful.  Highly recommend taking this course!
I am so grateful to Prof Brain Bushee and Wharton University of Pennsylvania for this great opportunity. I am totally new to financial accounting and it seemed very difficult at first. But with all the video presentations and the sample company reports, I have been able to get a good grasp of the building blocks of financial accounting. I wish to expand on the basic knowledge I gained from this course. I thank you all. P.S. I liked the virtual students. They kept me on track when I thought I lost it.
As someone who graduated with bachelor of economics eight years ago and wants to refresh my knowledge (I had intro to acc 1 and 2 at the uni) I thought this course would still be challenging. But with the help of Professor Bushee (great teaching method from the Professor), everything seemed easier than I'd thought. I completed the course in 7 days! Now I have more confidence to return to job market (after 2 yrs of hiatus due to pregnancy and maternity leave). Thanks Professor, UPenn, and Coursera!
Being from a non-commerce background I was too scared of accounting and wanted to get my basic accounting concepts clear before I get myself enrolled in MBA and to be honest Professor Brian has done an excellent job in teaching accounting from the basics. Though week 4 was the toughest where I had to revisit the whole syllabus in order to have a proper grasp of all the concepts to prepare myself well for the final assessment. Now, I don't think I will suffer in my accounting class in MBA.
I started with absolute zero knowledge of accounting. I found the course well taught and engaging. The exams were challenging but I found the material prepared me very well for it. I don't use accounting in my day to day life so I am not sure how much I'll remember in six months from now or a year from now but I took good notes, I hope that will help me in the future. I enjoyed Prof Bushee style and the virtual students. The subject is really technical but the Prof made it interesting.
Prof. Bushee brings out the nuances of Fin.Accounting in an interesting and humorous manner. His explanations make it easier to understand the finer aspects of why accounting is done the way its mandated. The examples, moving from the simpler to the more complex ones and the use of annual reports to bridge the reality gap is fantastic! I enjoyed every session of this course, although a lot of off-course reading and practice is required to ingrain the contents for practical use.
Accounting always meant headache to me. The reasons for this? A University where accounting is taught as something purely theoretical, with no relation to the real world.I found this course to be simple, practical and really helpful. You will not become a pro in accounting, but you will get a really helpful overview.The teacher has a huge role  on why this course is so great, and mostly that results from his sense of humor.Thanks to all those evolved in providing this course.
It's perfect course for someone willing to understands the financial books of a company and how to read them to evaluate performance of that entity.  This is must for every aspiring mid to senior managers.  Professor Brian Bushee was outstanding in the way he explained all aspects of accounting.  He made the whole course delivery simple for understanding with real examples.  The teaching technique was great and I am glad that I attended the course.  Thank you Prof & Coursera.
Mr Brian J Bushee can hardly be called a professor, he is a HERO. Anyone who takes the time to create fictitious arguments with fictitious students in order to make an explanation clear is a hero in my book. This has been one of the best learning experiences in my life. I am supplementing this course to complement for a lacking MBA finance course and I have to say the quality of the content and the masterful way in which professor Bushee delivers it is to me, world class.
Great course!! I went into this course without any prior knowledge of accounting or business concepts and it was challenging, in a very good way. Analyzing a start-up company from start to finish, as well as looking at real annual reports from an actual company, really helped reinforce the concepts learned in class. The virtual students broke up the material nicely and added humor as we went. Thank you Professor Bushee for presenting such an excellent and engaging course!
Although I'm more of a "mute consumer", this course was so unbelievably great, that the feedback is a must. The material delivery by Professor Bouche is not just entertaining, as much as "Fun with Accounting" could be, it's thoroughly detailed and productively supported by cheeky virtual classmates. As for the tests - be assured, by the sheer brute force you shall not pass :) Thankful for the efforts and knowledge put into the course. With kind regards, Sincerely, Alexey.
The course was amazing - it's very rare to see people explain topics in as clear a way as Prof. Bushee. The course covered some great content and that was tied up well with 2 long running examples throughout the course that helped solidify my understanding. The virtual students, who ask clarifying questions, were an amazing add. I did feel that the course was tough, if you do not have a background. So don't wait till last day of assignment submission deadline.
Brian (the instructor) is fantastic.  I am a total newbie to financial accounting.  But, he was able to explain it in a way where I was able to get it.  I also loved the slides and examples to illustrate. He also provides explanations when you do the quiz of why an answer is wrong.  Trust me, this is a hard course if you don't have any accounting background. However, with Brian's help you are able to get a good foundation. I definitely recommend this course!
A great course content, and the greatest professor in the world in teaching accounting. I have learned more about accounting where some topics were obvious to me since the last 10 years just in two weeks....I would recommend the course for anyone who want to learn Financial accounting from ABC.... to Z... I hope to follow the second course "More Introduction to accounting" of completing this course.Thanks Professor, and coursera team.Mohammad Haider
Course executed excellently.  I learnt something more from your classes. It should help many to understand the nuances of Financial Accounting.Thank You very much Prof.Brian J Bushee. You did execute the sessions in a profoundly educative manner , that too , in an interesting way , which may erase the impressions of general public that Financial Accounting is boring.     Hope to meet you again later. Till then Goodbye.With Regards,G Umesan Pillai
THIS COURSE GIVES ME A GOOD INSIGHT INTO READING AND UNDERSTANDING FINANCIAL STATEMENTS BETTER; PUTTING ONE IN A POSITION TO ACTUAL DEDUCE AND SEE WHAT POSSIBLE CHANGES CAN BE EFFECTED TO INCREASE A FIRMS PROFIT BY LOOKING AT PRODUCTIVITY NET INCOME OR THROUGH FINANCIAL LEVERAGE.NEVER EXPECTED TO LEARN THIS MUCH IN SUCH A SHORT PERIOD ESPECIALLY FOR SOMEONE THAT THINKS THAT ACCOUNTING IS HARD.THANK YOU PROFESSOR BRIAN, YOU ARE A GREAT TEACHER...
I love this course! It provides simple explanations and helps one to develop new concepts. The instructor was very articulate and provided easy to learn and humorous examples to decipher often times bland material. Good thing I am enjoying the course and it would help me further my Business education, possible switch my role in my current company and hopefully prepare me as a better candidate for a MBA admission to the Wharton Business School.
Thank you for the course. It was really well-structured and easy to grasp even for non-professionals (which I am). Many basic yet crucial points were properly iterated where one could recap them easily afterwards. Material was also illustrative and "imitated dialogue" helped to better focus on the train of statements which made it easy to follow. The professor's humor served well to overcome the cliche of accounting as fully boring matter.
I really enjoyed Prof. Brian's class. I used to be scared of accounting, but Prof. Brian was great at explaining the concepts through examples and real life applications, so it made the course less intimidating. I thought that the "virtual students" and occasional jokes were also a nice touch! Overall I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn accounting for the first time or get a refresher on the basic concepts.
I started this course as I paid for the access to Corporate Finance and wasn't expecting to finish it because... well, financial accounting. This is actually the online class I enjoyed the most on any learning platform. The professor Bushee genuinely has fun teaching this course. I was even looking forward to start the next video. I also think this course is useful for people having to have a general understanding when reading accounts
Excellent coursework. Great insights from Professor Bushee on how accounting happens in the real world, with working examples and ways to do fundamental analysis on the cash flow of a company all by ourselves. I am new to this domain and I have gained so much from this course. I would recommend this to anyone to get a very comprehensive understanding of the language and techniques of accounting. Thanks to the Professor too!! Cheers :)
I have not finished the course yet, I am on my last week, but I have truly enjoyed it. The instructor is very knowledgeable about the topic he is teaching about and he comes up with very creative ways on how to remember and apply the material. I needed a refresher on accounting and this course has been helpful. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics of accounting or just needs a refresher on accounting.
The material was conveyed in an easily digestible manner.  I also thought the material was logically and intuitively structured.  My only recommendation would be to include optional exercises on which students can continue working through questions and issues in order to become more familiar with the material.  That said, I realized this is simply an introductory course, so perhaps some of that repetition comes in following classes.
There could be a slide showing/ stating the concepts learned at the end of each video. A similar short reiteration/ stating of the concepts learned in the last video could be placed at the beginning of a new video.I am an engineer by profession so it was an entirely new subject for me but Prof Brian made it so interesting and taught so systematically that I am now confident to deal with these concepts in real life.Thank you so much.
Really enjoyed the layout of the course material, specifically the in video practice questions. Professor Bushee is a wonderful public speaker. It's annoying to get all the "ums" and "uhs" in the videos so I greatly appreciate his assumed public speaking prowess or the great editing team at Coursera. :) I will definitely be looking into other courses taught by him in the future! Thank you for the hard work and wonderful content!
The course format (video quality, animations etc) might seem outdated but the content is Very Comprehensive. Prof. Brian Bushee has covered a lot of topics in a very smooth and easy to understand way. He proactively answers all the doubts in the video which might arise in our minds while learning new concepts. I started reading a textbook but soon realized that the video lectures are essentially covering everything from it.
This course has given me a good overview about accounting. The way of teaching was very good. Particularly, I like the concept of bringing virtual student to make the course interesting. I would recommend this course to every beginner of accounting. This course will help you a lot. Lastly, I would like to thank the Professor, for making such Informative, good and easy to understand video lecture series. Thanks Professor.
Really enjoyed the course. The video / lessons were well designed, of appropriate length and each focusing on a few key concepts and plenty of examples and exercises to help master them.  Enjoyed the sense of humour by Dr. Bushee.  I took the course to help improve my capability as an investor in reading and interpreting financial statements.  The background on debit / credit bookkeeping was a good preparation for that.
Professor Brian Bushee is one of the best professor I've ever had. He has a witty way creating an interactive online learning experience. Accounting, which had been a subject that always fails to interest me, has became one of the most enjoyable class under his wings. The material is well explained, although you should definitely pause the video and try to solve each case in order to completely understand the course.
Excellent course, the professor explained concepts very clearly and added funny characters that asked frequently interesting questions. I loved the analysis of a real financial statement to show the linkage between the theory and the real world. Although the course was an introduction, it covered aspects that I studied in intermediate courses at university. Congratulations Professor Bushee for your outstanding work!!
The course is good to apprehend foundation of FA. Syllabus is very lean, not with hefty contents, thus, very useful for people who do not have accounting background, and also good refresher for those who need to revisit FA. My fifth star rating is a special appreciation for professor who tries to incorporate interactive and humorous learning process, throughout video contents. I personally enjoy the show. Thank you!
Dr Bushee is an excellent professor making strange concepts interesting and easy to grasp. The work load for the course is very manageable. Even though I found the tests a little hard, I enjoyed the challenge of the tests as they forced me to review and apply the notes from the class. It is a very good introduction to Financial Accounting, providing me with the knowledge I needed. Awesome class, highly recommended!
The professor is quite entertaining with his lectures and I appreciated having the innovation of virtual students to ask questions and break up the lecture a  bit.  Made it feel more interactive.  The information certainly builds on itself and is not intuitive at all; especially for me coming from a healthcare background, but I felt that the professor did a great job explaining and providing multiple examples.
I enjoyed this course. While there was a lot of content, Brian provided great examples and real-world applications to help us learn the content. I appreciated the PowerPoint material we could print out ahead of time to help us follow along. His use of the animated students added an element of humor and they asked insightful questions to aid in learning the concepts. I definitely would recommend this course.
Professor Brian Bushee is an excellent lecturer who is able to explain key financial accounting concepts and practices in a clear and comprehensive manner. I personally found the weekly case study review on 3M to be very helpful since Professor Bushee is able to dissect and explain the financial report clearly. I'd recommend this course to anyone who wants to explore the foundations of financial accounting!
I am an actuarial student but I don't have any accounting background. While not strictly necessary for my job, it was annoying how I sometimes fell out of the conversation while my boss was discussing our clients' accounting books. I had a general idea about what was going on but it wasn't enough. This course (along with the 6 week continuation course) really helped me fill that gap in my knowledge.
The professor has done an excellent job of ensuring that the fundamentals are explained extremely well and I found this very useful as a layman. The lectures have just the right amount of examples to ensure that the principles are understood and have a real-world relevance. There is also a good amount of humor with the virtual students in the lectures which made the course all the more interesting.
If you are looking for a course that gives you strong understanding of fundamental elements of financial accounting then look no more because you found it! The material and the quality of videos are just superb. The whole structure of the course is well designed and allows the student to grasp the subject easily. I enjoyed this course and look forward to taking new courses taught by the instructor.
Course material is very well organized and explained.  Professor provides many of examples to help you verify your understanding of the content.  The faux students inserted into the lectures really help to raise questions that you probably have, and invite the professor to dive deeper into material that requires additional explanation.  Overall, this is an excellent intro to financial accounting.
The leacutre some in the first 2 weeks are easy to learn fro a beginer with zero experience with accounting, and the week 3 & 4 needs more practice and thinking with cases. I especially like the set-up of vertural students, and Professor has a good sense of humor that makes the lectures on 'boring' parts of accounting becoming fun. This is the entry course i would recommend other people to join.
Professor Bushee's cogent presentation of the material is very easy to follow.  His use of snarky virtual students provides some levity to the proceedings, but at the same time allows for elaboration of key concepts.  I would thoroughly recommend this course to anyone looking for an introductory accounting course.  My only suggestion would be to add a bit more quizzing and homework for practice.
So Cool！The basic concept and the relationship between different financial reports are easy to understand by professor‘s lecture.It's my first time to try study online and I enjoy studying financial accounting which I considered to be boring before.The fake students make it much more fun and their questions are definitely some thing I would like to ask! I look forward to next session all ready!
This course is really a pure refresher course for me. It has got all the elements that an finance individual should know. The quizzes were all competitive and application oriented. The teaching of Prof. Brian J Bushee is one of the best teaching classes i have ever attended in my entire academic life. His clarifications for every single step while teaching is commendable. RegardsAravind Sai
Very intuitive and well prepared course!Prof. Bushee uses very good examples for exercises and those are key to the good understanding of the course material.I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who want to make a first step into Financial Accounting. I will know register to the "More Introduction to Financial Accounting" as I am keen on learning more about the topic.
I had a great time learning Financial Accounting through this course. Prof. Brian Bushee is a phenomenal teacher and has a brilliant way of introducing the basics, anticipating ambiguities and explaining concepts while keeping the class fun and interesting. Definitely recommended for those who have limited or no Finance background and are looking to ease themselves into the field.
The subject of the course is extremely difficult for non-English speaking users especially if they are not familiar with numbers. Looks like much more time and efforts is needed to learn the course then it is envisaged.However, Brian's way to teach and his virtual students make the learning a little easier and much more funny. Final exam appears much easier than the topic overall.
I feel this is really enough for person like me who has no foundation of Accounting, and barely sensitive with numbers.. It was a busy month with Professor Brian Bushee. Thanks to professor, setting up a virtual classroom with some cute, funny, silly virtual students who always have same thought as mine. Professor Brian is very dedicated and humour, I enjoyed his class very much.
It was a great course, and the professor used easy to understand ways to help students understand accounting.  I studied accounting in university and hated it, but this course got me interested and I can really appreciate the value of accounting.  The end-to-end examples of a specific companies (doing transactions from start to finish) made the case studies/examples feel 'real'.
very much like the virtual students mode with questions and it's interesting ! although for me who has no background in any accounting knowledge, some definitions are still not easy to be remembered or understood especially when it's time to calculate in final exam, wish there would be more explanations after I pass.  I guess I have to learn more so more coursers are welcome!
Prof Brian Boushee kept the videos so engaging that I was eager to know more about accounting. His way of teaching ensured that the concepts that I learnt from this course will stay with me forever. I have now started downloading and analyzing financial statements of different companies. Also, I am now confident enough to engage in a knowledgeable discussion with accountants.
Just excellent. Really love the professor for this course (Professor Brian Bushee), at once engaging, knowledgeable, entertaining, and succinct. The way that the course is designed especially in terms of having virtual students ask questions on topics that commonly cause confusion, is a great idea and was extremely helpful in getting the core concepts across more effectively.
This course is NOT BORING AT ALL! Professor Brian explained the concepts very well and he really knows the strategy or the way on how to teach the course. Someone with no accounting knowledge will definitely understand this course and if you think (like me) that you know enough about accounting basics, you’ll find out that there is more to it that that. Take this course!!!
As someone who came into the Intro to Financial Accounting Course with virtually no experience, I found the material to be succinct and well-presented. Professor Bushee was engaging, and he made the digestion of the material quite palatable. I have already recommended this course to my peers. Thanks to Professor Bushee and his teaching assistants for a wonderful course.
Professor Brian Bushee has an exceptional ability to teach a complicated concept, accounting, in an intuitive (and fun) way without making you feel like you just can't keep up. Paired with the affable virtual students, that often ask the questions I should really be thinking, I could not have found a better learn to get started with financial accounting. Thank you sir!
I absolutely loved it, Professor Brian Bushee is THE BEST. It was such a pleasure to learn about a new topic from a teacher who feels so passionate about the course and makes extra efforts to make it fun and effective (loved the robots, keep them forever!). I wish there were more teachers like him at Coursera (or any university). Thank you very much, Professor Bushee!
Prof. Brian Bouchee is an excellent teacher who is able to make a boring subject like accounting interest and exciting. I started studying accounting using a standard textbook and could not even get through the first chapter. With this Coursera course, I finished 4 weeks worth of material in a few days. Prof Bouchee makes accounting irresistible and hard to put down.
The course is perfect for someone who has never had any experience with accounting or business in general. After completing the course, you'll not only be able to complete simple financial statements for small businesses but you will also be able to read financial statements released by more established companies. I would highly recommend this course to any beginner.
This course is a great starting point for everyone that wants to get into the Accounting world. You seriously don't need any prior knowledge to be successful in this class. Professor Brian Bushee makes the material very comprehensive while still being fun. The virtual students that he uses are a great element to the classes; they make the classes feel more "real".
Really good course, but significantly harder than the Marketing course as it had far more information I was unused to seeing.  Additionally, the tests are far more difficult as multiple choices can be chosen.  In many ways, I felt I accomplished far more by going through this course!  Prof Bushee is a great balance between geek, funny, and incredibly informative.
Such an amazingly structured course. An Engineer myself and a complete newbie to financial accounting, I was able to learn so much on accounting already that I am already able to make sense of the bulky annual reports and look for right sections! Thanks a lot professor for making the course so organized. And I must say, the virtual students is an awesome concept!
Professor Bushee is dynamic in his presentation of financial accounting material.  His breadth of knowledge, use of relevant examples, inclusion of student questions, and witty remarks had me looking forward to the next lesson.  So far this Wharton online course had the most impact on my learning, understanding, and applying the material presented.  Well done!
I thought that this course got it spot on with just enough light humour to make what would be an otherwise unsupportably dry subject a pleasure to follow. On completion, I feel that I have a better understanding of accounting in general and that I am much better equipped to understand a company's financial position from looking at their financial statements.
Huge thanks to Brian Bushee ! Great way to keep students engaged even if it is the battle of debits and credits. I had zero prior knowledge of accounting and I was lucky to start this journey with such brilliant professor. Greatly structured material, smart questions and quizzes. Thought-provoking course (I once even had an accounting dream at night !)
Professor Bushee is a great professor; he makes  sure to be thorough in his examples when necessary, and also knows when to cut it short. Thank you for a great class. I took this as a refresher course to accounting classes I took about 5 years ago. This was the perfect course! Whether it's a refresher or your first time, I highly recommend this course.
The professor did a great job with the structure of the course. Covers plenty of material in a short time! As a visual learner, I would prefer to have more diagrams/ flow charts/ colors to have everything sink in. Extra practice homework that includes qualitative (rather than just checkboxes and multiple choice in quizzes) would also be appreciated.
The course is a great introduction to Financial Accounting, Financial Reporting and Financial Analysis. I strongly recommend to take the second part of the course "More Introduction to Financial Analysis" to have more solid foundations on the topic. I've taken this courses to get a solid foundation for Financial Analysis and Investment Management.
Great professor, great material, great layout for an overview of finance and accounting.  I'm going through everything a second time to help it sink in better, but the professor has developed a template for a perfect online course.  Yes the virtual students are weird, and dorky, but it works ass a great mechanism to help drive home the material.
Dr. Bushee if you ever read this comment, I want to say that you have greatly helped me understand Accounting by combining both theoretical book knowledge and practical applications through the Relic Spotting case study. You are a fantastic addition to Wharton and a phenomenal educator (in a time where professors are rarely competent educators).
Really good course, the best one I have seen on Coursera so far in terms of the quality of teaching. The material and the explanations are easily understandable and both the imaginary and real life case studies help a lot. The virtual students seem a bit silly at first but actually help to add additional perspectives, it's a really good idea.
The instructor did a great job of making a dry topic interesting. I really appreciated the 'virtual students', interspersed throughout the course. They asked intelligent questions that made the material more accessible and understandable. One of the best online courses I've taken, and much better than some of the other offerings from Wharton.
Very easy to understand and entertaining. The only things that I found to be a little confusing were closer to the end (end of week 3 and all of week 4) where the examples got more complicated. I needed a few simple examples before we dove into the case studies/longer examples to get the hang of what we were talking about. Otherwise loved it.
While Financial Accounting is not "for me," this class made it comprehensible and engaging.  I really appreciate the professor, Brian Bushee, for creating a fantastic syllabus and using practice problems and sample students to help me understand.  This is the best Coursera class I've taken so far in terms of value and learning experience.
After not having taken an Accounting course in over eight years, I found this course to be a challenge. However, it was the challenge that I wanted and needed if I am going to make a career change. As I went through each video, I found the material the be refreshing and rewarding as I progressed. I look forward to proceeding to Module 3.
Really good course, I learned a lot. The use of case studies really helps a lot and I think the professor did a good job at explaining the concepts overall. Quizzes were not hard, but it was sort of frustating missing an answer in the questions where you had to pick more than an option. I enjoyed the lessons on financial ratios the most.
This is the first 5-star session I reviewed except for STEM courses. No cliche, full of interesting concepts and a lot of joke. The professor definitely  where to stop and where the students may be confused.I have to say I concentrate from the beginning to the very end to absorb his words!Best non-stem courses I learned from coursera!
This was one of the hardest classes I've taken (as accounting really isn't my thing). However the professor was engaging and made accounting as fun and entertaining as it could possibly be. I feel much more confident looking at financial statements and will certainly apply what I have learned to real business scenarios at my company.
Love the course. Exams are owesome - you do have to use the brain and get to the point of what was in the lecture. When you retake an exam - questions change, so you can't just bruteforce the right answer.Brian, thanks a lot for the course. I don't think there is a better better way to teach such a subject. Virtual sudents are cute:)
Content was delivered clearly with plenty of opportunity built-in for practice. Instructor seems to enjoy the topic; I'm sure many of the questions from the virtual students arose from interactions with real students; instructor does best to bring sense of humor to the topic, and content is well designed from simple to more complex
The course is not over yet, but I can tell for sure this is an amazing course! The teacher is really really great - he explains everything very didactically - and funny, which makes absolutely all the videos extremely interesting and not at all boring to watch! Would recommend to anyone, even those with no knowledge on the subject.
The course covers the basics of Financial Accounting in a way that also students from non-economic related majors could easily find their way until the end of the course. The curse is rich in examples brilliantly explained by Professor, which is the real Asset of this course.Highly suggested for everyone interested in the topic.
Brilliant course! Professor Bushee is a great lecturer that can clearly explain and illustrate the content. The workload of the course is also surprisingly huge compared to some online courses. I really learned a lot about accounting. I especially love the virtual classroom which makes the class more interactive and amusing.
Great Intro as the name states, I aspire to become an entrepreneur. I think that this course is a good corner stone to move towards this path. The teacher is as fun as an accounting professor can be and that is what made it so much more enjoyable. I am going to do the next part of these two part course and see how it goes!
Brian Bushee is an amazing teacher, the best teacher I've had so far on Coursera. He's knowledgeable, clear, and has a good humor about him as well. The course covers a good chunk of detail while still being manageable even if you have a busy schedule. I was able to pass with great marks with about 6 hours a week of work.
Outstanding delivery of very sharp content, a perfect introduction to the world of financial accounting. Very clever presentations cut by subject by week with an often hilarious virtual class asking the questions that Prof. Bushee teases out with the material to ensure a sound understanding of the fundamentals. Loved it!
I just loved this course (which is a miracle, given that I am not at all into accounting). I appreciated Professor Bushee's sense of humor, his examples that made things a lot clearer, and the way the class was anchored in real life (the 3M report). I'm almost sad that there is no other class with Professor Bushee!
I loved how Professor is skillful in conveying the message to the students. Even to those that are completely new to the accounting. I loved the virtual students, because sometimes they asked the questions I wanted to ask too. I would highly recommend this course to anyone who is willing to expand their knowledge
As a student majoring in accounting, I think this course is very interesting and easy to understand at the very beginning. For the later part, it's a little bit hard but still very useful. Of course I'll need further study and I'm really grateful that I've enrolled this one. Many thanks to Professor Brian Bushee!
Easily one of the most enjoyable classes I've taken on Coursera. You can tell the instructor put a lot of time into designing the course. The videos are well structured and he uses 'virtual students' to both add levity but also answer some of the real time questions he knows his students are having. Great class!!
This course very helpful for me as my started step to moved from technology side to financial business side. Give me a complete understand about accounting language as preparation to be future business leaders. Thank you for Professor Brian Bushee that makes accounting class more fun but still with best quality.
I have never knew Accounting can be this fun. The lecturer did a phenomenal job of explaining Accounting concepts in an easy-to-understand & intuitive way, as well as how to apply them in real-world companies' finances, all while making the class fun. I'm much more confident in analyzing financial statement now.
Course was detailed (not light course like lots of online courses)Course full of examples which is my best way to learnInstructor,Brian, was funny makes learning such material amazing ( I expected it will be boring full of abstract math)Assignments are not easy and not impossible to solve, it just needs thinking
Overall, I found this course very helpful! Information presented in a friendly manner and easy to understand. Thank you, to every one who spend there time and effort to prepare this course, especially for Brian Bushee and his jokes ;)P.S. Some chapters need update, as they contain information from previous year.
So far it's been a nice course I've learned a lot of things I didn't although I think its too short. I would like some more exercises instead of the quizzes but its a really nice course, the professor is very clear on his explanations, and the example he uses during the videos are very very useful!Nice work!
Professor Brian's course really helped me go a long way in understanding the fundamentals of Accounting. The course is extremely well structured and the way he explains concepts is excellent. I also adore his sense of humour in the way he uses the virtual students and it helps keep the videos more engaging.
I really enjoyed the lessons; the pace is right also for those, like myself, who have never had previous learning experiences on this subject. The animated puppets always ask interesting and focused questions. I do think that this funny interaction with the professor, in the end, helps the learning process.
This is a great course, and it's taught by a really wonderful and engaging tutor. However, it is not for the faint hearted. If you don't truly grasp the rules, it's very difficult to pass...it's not just about memorizing a bunch of equations. But I loved it for this, analytical skills have gone up a level!
Really good course on Accounting basics! I had no idea about Accounting before taking it, but after completing it I can understand most of the stuff that a detailed financial statement includes! The professor is doing an excellent work in explaining the details, and the whole experience was very fun too!
Professor Bushee is fantastic.  I am a visual/hands on learner.  Therefore the earlier parts of the course where there were a lot of examples and practice questions I mastered really well.  It did become challenging at the end but overall with the amount of effort I put in I am content with the results.
Just completed Week 1 of the course and found the material absolutely wonderful. Not afraid to say that for the first time in my life (after having completed my MBA 15 years back), I can tell debit from credits with conviction! Looking forward to the rest of the lessons. Thanks so much Professor Bushee!
It is just amazing. This is maybe the best online course I've taken. It is very interactive and keeps you awake. I loved the idea of the students participating, and also the professor's attitude is like if they were actually real students.Thank you and congratulations for such an amazing course!Angela
It is a really nice depiction of introductory topics in accounting. The material covered explains and links clearly aspects of accounting criteria. In addition, the material provides with knowledge how to interpret data on financial statements, e.g. balance sheet. What I liked was real life examples.
Prof. Brian Bushee is truly a genius. He has smartly incorporated a fun way to introduce concepts on accounting and I only wish to learn more such wonderful concepts from him. I strongly recommend this course as well as the advanced courses on accounting to the Financial world enthusiasts out there.
I was able to learn Financial Accounting with ease. The course was well structured and the Professor (Brian Bushee) is simply amazing with great sense of humour. And with the inclusion of the virtual students that ask questions makes you feel you are inside a classroom and that facilitates learning.
The course content was presented in a very interesting manner such that it never appeared that I was made to work. Explaining everything with examples and particularly the whole accounting cycle through a start-up was very good. Now I am waiting for the follow-up course. Thanks a lot Prof Bushee.
Accounting was a new topic for me and so I needed to invest quite a good time studying,  but the course is really good (Don't let the firsts lectures confuse you, it starts to make sense as you continue with the lectures and examples). Professor Brian does a very good job teaching it. Thank you!
A big thanks to Professor Brian  Bushee for making accounting so easy to understand. The concept of virtual students and the kind of questions they asked really made this course work more lively and interesting. Overall it was very well explained and I looking forward to learning more from him.
Loved this course! Brian is funny yet very informative, and the virtual students add an interesting  element  to the course. The course material is presented very effectively and easy to follow. Would highly  recommend to others and will definitely take other courses taught by Professor Bushee.
Super easy to digest. Loved the examples used to demonstrate journal entries. I feel as though I gained more value from this course than I did in my MBA program's online financial accounting course due to the real life examples and benefit of having simulated students proposing real questions.
This course was so incredibly helpful in introducing me to accounting concepts. The material at the end in week four was very enjoyable, and helped me with the broader picture. I think it opened my mind to the possibility that accounting is more than just bean counting and can actually be fun!
This course provided real life examples that help you understand what the professor is talking about. He has some characters that ask questions through out the video, the robotic voices are distracting but the questions are very helpful. I would recommend for anyone starting out in accounting.
While I hated the subject matter, Brian Bushee did a fantastic job acknowledging where things might not make sense quite yet, and emphasize that they would be clarified later. There was enough humor in the videos to keep them entertaining, and that certainly helped get me through the lessons.
This course is easy to understand for those who do not have accounting background like me. It really helps me to understand the basic components in financial accounting and how financial statements are prepared and analysed. The materials can be downloaded and I can always read them offline.
Thank you so much for giving me this opportunity to study financial accounting with you,the course has helped me acquire different accounting skills and am sure its going to help develop my career and my skills through gaining accounting experience so as to become a successful accountant.
I love this course, it was pretty tough for me at first but Professor Bushee's enthusiasm for accounting (accompanied by many corny, but appreciated, jokes) keeps you interested and entertained.  I wound up learning a lot and developing an interest for accounting that I didn't know I had.
Professor Bushee takes into account the fact that people taking this course might not have any prior knowledge of finance and thus explains the concepts ground up. The course makes gradual progress from basics to analysis of financial statements which is easily replicable in real world.
Brian J. Bushee is a wonderful instructor, he has a tremendous ability to transmit his knowledge in a very simple and direct way. He has a lot of fun teaching, he is also smart and funny. I enjoyed a lot this course and he explained so detail that anyone can learn from scratch like me.
I manage massage therapists at a day spa in San Francisco. During quarantine, I thought I would learn some new skills. This course was challenging for me, but Professor Bushee made it fun with his corny sense of humor. Challenging but totally satisfying. I highly recommend this course.
I still don't understand why I had to learn credits and debits if the professor said there are people who don't subscribe to this belief in accounting. Would have liked to know why he found it critical. But the professor was friendly, made the course fun, and very useful to me. Thanks!
Excellent class! The professor is great at explaining things and the animated students make it easier to process thoughts given that they ask questions that I would be thinking - thus the Professors answers would answer my questions simultaneously. The pace of the class is just right!
As I am from Engineering Background so it quite difficult for me to start from real basics and also the quizzes were very challenging , these quizzes push your limits and make you understand that concepts which you did not retained . Overall this is a great course . Happy E-Learning.
I've always had a bit of a tough time with Accounting so in this review of Prof. Bushee's class I really enjoyed his virtual student questions and jokes. Made a fairly dry subject (to me) like accounting much more interesting and made me look forward to the video lectures every time.
I had no financial accounting experiences at all before the class. The first week module was definitely hard for beginners. But sticking to it, watching twice or more, it pays off! I was motivating myself that after this I'd be able to understand financial statements to pick stocks!
Brilliant instructor, well-paced and well-structured. Notes and examples facilitate learning and the interactive exercises throughout the videos test understanding and keep the course engaging. Highly recommend this course for anyone looking for a foundation or primer on accounting.
Very well done course, thanks to Professor Bushee! Although rather dense and abstract material the virtual students break up the power point slides, and ask some good questions. Thoroughly enjoyed this course and learned so much about basic accounting and how to read annual reports.
One of the best courses I've taken on Coursera! I would LOVE to take more courses from Prof. Bushee!  Loved the simulated students...especially the guy who hates 'PAR VALUE'...I could totally relate to him ;) Thank you once again for this amazing course structure...loving it so far!
The professor of this course has given a lot of examples in his slide as well as real cases from well-known companies. This has broadened my knowledge in finance a lot. Also, the professor always has a sense of humor with animated students, making the online class so much fun. Love
I really liked the course, I was a nullable person when comes to accounting, but now, I have gained a lot of knowledge to know how an enterprise is doing financially, no I can help with managerial skills when it comes to take financial decisions, of course I need to keep practicing
I loved the course.  It helped me to understand the Financial Accounting jargon and concepts much better.  The homework and exams are challenging but doable.  I love the virtual students, they are so much fun and their questions are very relevant.Thank you..  See you Next Video!!
This is an amazing course for even accounting/auditing professionals. I have used this course as base refresher before appearing for my CPA examinations, and I must say my basics have become a lot stronger through this.Thanks for all the hard-work that went into this, Professor.
I'm reading in China Shanghai Open University , my major is accounting ,the course is taught once twice a month not full time , so a course in school is too short for me to understand it. Luckily I can learn from the best teachers here too. I'm new here , hope I can catch up : )
My brain is full!  I'm not a numbers person, by choice, but i felt i needed some supplemental knowledge to help with running my business and this was a great course.  It really helped to put a lot of things in perspective, as far as organizing the numbers that drive my business.
I like the way of your expression about the accounting. It may be quite hard to understand for newbie, but I think that you did really good. As an accountant, I feel that your course is so interesting and useful in basic knowledge, especially the chap of Cash Flow statement.
Prof. Brian Bushee's videos are so informative and very easy to understand that those took only 4 days to complete understanding the 4 week course. Thank you so much Brian Sir... I am so happy to watch you and will definitely come again to join your advance course in future.
The presentation is somewhat unusual, but somehow it works. Making a complex topic almost entertaining. Some areas I struggled with but that's probably me, it's a dry subject to teach and the course is both interesting, informative with good examples and practice questions.
This course is a fine introduction to basic financial accounting concepts. Lectures are very clear and engaging, providing several examples of every concept discussed in each lecture. I intend to learn more about accounting after having taken this course. Very good overall!
The course is insightful, clear and concise. Furthermore, the examples given are very helpful in understanding the materials and how the knowledge can be applied. The add-ons such as virtual students, jokes and especially the hokey-pokey have made the classes entertaining.
Amazing course. Prof. Bushee is brilliant. He makes accounting easy to understand and fun to study. I greatly enjoyed his humor and the questions his cartoon characters asked during his lectures, using funny language sometimes. The quality of the transcript is pretty good.
Lot of info to cover in 4 weeks for a non-financial person, but thought the course was great.  I actually like the digital students chiming in with fake questions - it was a nice way of adding content and making it feel like a normal class as much as you could.  Well done.
I have no background in accounting and wanted to get an overview of the concepts and terminology in accounting. I thought this course was going to be boring, but Prof. Brian Bushee actually makes accounting fun and breaks it down into palatable chunks. Highly recommended.
It was a awesome course with deep explanation related to basic accounting and some more complex accounting concepts. Besides that, the course is really useful to learn how to analyze a company and its financial position. Congratulations and many thanks for the knowledge.
The professor makes this course easy to digest, he uses perfect techniques of teaching. The concepts are useful for a PRE MBA course as well as to tune up old concepts. He goes farther than just teaching basics. Perfect course for someone with no knowledge on accounting.
I had already taken a Financial Accounting course, but I wanted to review what I learned for my next course in Financial Accounting this year. I thought it was very well taught, and I can't wait to look over the slides if I ever need some more review! Thank you so much!
The faculty's method of teaching a relatively boring subject is quite unique and lucid. The content is also to the point and detailed explanations are easy to understand.It would help a bit if there was more focus on implications of accounting errors in the real world.
Very helpful course. Use real world examples. Easy to understand. Open texbook, Managerial Accouting on Saylor Foundation, from Managerial Accounting course on Coursera is a good supplement for a lot of terms. Not the course of managerial accounting, just the textbook.
Great course to build the basics of Financial Accounting! Professor Brian Bushee tries his best to make a dry subject such as this interesting with his quirky jokes and witty one liners to keep us students involved throughout. Highly recommended for beginners like me!
Fantastic introductory accounting course. Professor Bushee is very clear and makes the classes light by having the virtual students. I highly recommend taking this course if you want to learn the accounting basics or you want to remember concepts, as it was my case.
Thank you Professor Brian for this detailed, easy to understand class on financial accounting, it helps me preparing for my upcoming CFA exam. Accounting was one of my least confident subjects but not anymore!=) will definitely attend the second part of this class.
Valuable lessons that you will carry on throughout your professional path. Finance can be complex sometimes but this course manages to show the content in a practical and intuitive way. Fully recomended for anyone who wants to continue learning on the finance path.
Excellent course on accounting fundamentals! I took it for CFA chapter on financial statements and it covered all materials via solid examples and lighthearted, interactive virtual classroom experience. The quizzes were well-designed, too. Prof. Bushee is awesome.
Awesome course for accounting beginners.They say that a best teacher is who inspires you with love to the subject. Indeed, Professor Brain Bushee is such a great teacher! I really appreciate his teaching!It has really been a pleasure and fortune taking his course.
Very well thought out and witty as the instructor engages the student to follow along and want to understand the principles of accounting.  I can only imagine how much more enriching the course is for those fortunate enough to interact directly with the Professor.
This course gave me lots of skills needed in Financial Accounting. An interesting course.The professor teach us perfectly. Also, the videos are very much interesting because the professor used animated characters to give us a better understanding of some lessons.
Great job by Professor Bushee engaging students and teaching the material. Great use of case studies and hypothetical questions, as well as some mixed in humor and fun. Learned a lot and feel comfortable with financial statements now. Would definitely recommend.
At the beginning I was a bit sceptical about the virtual students, but actually they ask more helpful questions than students in real life. They also help making this class as entertaining as possible. Congratulations to the professor for making accounting fun.
Great content, easy to understand, and the professor tried to pin-pint the areas which are generally confusing. Plus, the course was not boring at all. This was my first Financial accounting course and I could easily understand most of it. Thank you professor.
Love it! Brian makes the lecture easy to understand and keep it simple. And, the virtual students give a sense of humor to kill boredom and make the learning process enjoyable. Thanks so much to Coursera and Brian for putting out there this valuable resource .
Fantastic information and incredibly challenging!  Professor Bushee is exceptional and is able to take complex information and make it interesting.  I would recommend this course to anyone that is looking to expand their knowledge of financial statements.
Perfectly structured courses with very basic concepts, practical tools and deep insights. The humor of Professor Bushee is the highlight you should never miss. Thanks to him and his virtual students, my time spent on the course is an enriching experience.
It  was very interesting and infromative course. The tutor used simple and understandable language to explain the materials. Testes were challenging and very usefull to identify what was missed during learning. Thanks a lot for the opportunities you open.
Excellent course to build one's basics in Financial Accounting.The faculty for this course Professor Brian Bushee is just too good. The quizzes offered in this course also tests one's grasp over the subject matter.Overall its a great learning experience .
The basic accounting cycle was covered in a fairly short amount of time (4 weeks). It was concise and understandable with practical examples. Prof. Bushee's dry humor is also surprisingly fascinating. Highly recommended for beginners and refreshers alike.
Mr. Bushee provided a great deal of information and concepts, but managed to keep it light. While his virtual students may have prompted some eye rolls, they acted as an efficient break in the monotony of accounting. I learned a lot, I highly recommend.
A very well structured course that teaches you the basics of accounting and helps you understand the hidden meaning behind the various accounting statements. Also, would like to thank Professor Brian Bushee who went an extra mile to make accounting fun!
It has been a very usuful course for me even if I have never studied financial accounting. I have to say that's a very diffucult subject matter, anyway the professor is great, he may explain everithing in a simple way and provide you a lot of exemples.
Surprisingly engaging course material for a very dry topic, especially given that it's online. I came looking for the ability to better understand a company's financial reporting and I honestly think I can do that. I'll look for Bushee's other classes!
Very thorough and silly course. The professor tries to be entertaining in a very dorky way and it totally works for me but I could see some people getting annoyed. I wish there were more opportunities to practice in addition to the homework exercises.
Excellent Course. Professor Brian explains the concepts in such an easy manner with the help of so many examples that it is easy to understand the concepts eventually. Looking forward to the next course More Introduction to Financial Accounting next.
This professor was FANTASTIC. I originally took this class for the certificate, but I found that I really enjoy accounting, and am planning to take the second part now. The professor was enthusiastic, a great teacher, and used great learning devices.
It is a very intensive Accounting Program. To pass this course, one must be efficient at solving very critical aspects of Financial Accounting and Analysis. A great course for anyone to refresh as well as to hone Accounting skills. Great Learning !!
Well structured and explained course. The virtual students not only served as the means of answering the frequently asked questions but also made the class interesting. Also, the use of real-world company's data really made the concepts applicable.
Very challenging but very satisfying to take this course. Reviewing the material as a whole is still pretty challenging. I wish they had a master powerpoint of all the slides so that I can easily search for the concepts to review older information.
It is a really great experience to accomplish this course online. The professor explained all concepts clearly and tried to make the whole course more interesting. It's an exciting start of your accounting journey and do not hesitate to enroll in.
This course was both eye-opening and informative. As a buyer, I took the class to better understand the financial impact of what I buy, and what was taught will help me understand and discuss business more intelligently with my finance department.
This is a great course, and Professor Brian Bushee is organized and skilled at teaching. I enjoyed the virtual students, and learned a lot from the style of introducing the material and doing a variety of examples. Thanks for the helpful course!
Hello. I really loved this course. All the information and examples are very useful, also the perfect amount of time on each video is excellent. Moreover, the pinch of sense of humor from the teacher makes this course very enjoyable. Thank you.
Introduction to Financial Accounting is a good course to gain
some skills needed to analyze financial statements and disclosures for use in
financial analysis. Professor Brian J Bushee keeps you engaged with his virtual
students and good wits.
In terms of Value for the Money you Spend by way of Fee, it is the Best Online Course on Financial Accounting. The Professor draws you into the deeper arenas of the subject with ease & comfort and makes you yearn for more and more knowledge.
The content of the course is very well explained and shown. The professor has a very organized and didactic way of explaining the topics. I would recommend this course to everyone i know that want to learn more about financial accounting.
Great introductory course, which takes plenty of time to explain and discuss some of the more difficult concepts. Really loved the virtual students. They added great variety to the lessons and were used cleverly to expand on some topics.
I recommend this course you will learn accounting like piece of cake :) .. What is good about this course is clear explanation and second is you will take at the end revisiting for completed course ,so sure You will get it in your mind .
Great course ! The difficulty level increases gradually and Professor Bushee anticipates the possible questions and answers them through the virtual students.  The classes are filled with nerdy jokes and humor which makes them engaging.
The best course I've had in Coursera so far, and I could say that is one of the best I've had in my life. Great professor Brian Bushee with structured  and detailed classes and examples. I feel I really learned a lot from this course.
Professor Bushee made the course quite interesting. I think this is an apt course for someone from a science background like me who is new to accounting. This course was a very helpful in making the basics of accounting quite simple.
The course is great, excellent. It is the the state of the art. It is also very informative and easy to comprehend. The animated students have made the course more realistic by asking some of the most frequent questions.Thanks prof.
Excellent course for people who are trying to start a business and want to know where the cash is going, their financial statements and how to report taxes,, and how to read and make balance sheets amongst a lot of other stuff, etc
I have no words to describe how much beneficial this course to me. this course really enhance my financial concepts and flourish my intellectual intelligence. Thanks a lot for such a brilliant teacher and education..  Arslan hameed
Extremely helpful and easy to learn. The way Mr. Brian explains every concept with easy to interpret examples is really helpful for us. I'd recommend this course to everyone who's looking to get a grasp of accounting from scratch.
This course was about as entertaining as a Financial Accounting course could get. I enjoyed the virtual students and the professor's sense of humor. Oh and it was extremely informative. Great crash course in Financial Accounting.
This course definitely helped me learn some basic concepts of financial accounting. I believe I know the basic terms, there meaning and usage. I am confident now that I can read and understand financial statements to some level.
Professor's knowledge is very impressive.  I had fun and made the course easy to learn. Although, he has some tricky questions in the quizzes that made earn the grade. I liked him and hope to have him again as my professor soon.
A great learning experience and highly engaging contents and possibly one of the best presentation I have experienced. The course did provide an excellent foundation to accounting for learners like me who are new to the subject.
prof. Brian J Bushee is simply the best. Easy to follow, lots of practice and fellow-students help to understand everything in a good funny manner. Thank you for your time and efforts in creating this course. It was a pleasure.
Exceptional course, this helps me strengthening an essential content of Financial Accounting theoretical and practical skill set. In which I will further apply deliverables with my real life both personally and professionally.
This is a wonderful, high quality class if you want to learn the nitty gritty of accounting.  The passing criterias are general enough that if you just want to get an general overview, this class will be perfect for you, too.
Thank you for sponsoring me to take this class.  I loved it and hope to take more classes so I can do the finances for my tech internet startup company.  I am legally deaf and was able to take the entire class with captions.
The course is very well organized. BB is quite funny (can't expect more from an accountant) and the virtual students add a lot in terms of humor and interaction to the course. I am looking forward to taking the next course.
Was experiencing some personal problems that distracted my enthusiasm, but I am getting up from my feet to continue what is important to my future. Hope will be given the opportunity to continue with this great opportunity.
This was definitely the best course I take so far. He is an excellent professor that brings lots of examples to the subject. I definitely recommend this course to all that want to run a business, not necessarily in Finance.
The professor is really good in teaching and I love to watch his videos because I understand evertyhing, he's funny and he helps me enjoy more and more about financial accounting issues.I REALLY recommend the course!! A+!!!
I learned so much in this class. Professor Bushee is great at making very dry material very engaging. If I hadn't enjoyed his teaching style (love the virtual students), I would probably not have gotten through the course.
Accounting was totally new to me. It's challenging and frankly I find the subject matter itself to be pretty dry. But Prof. Bushee brought it to life and actually made it fun! Those puns and cartoon students kept me going.
Great course! It offers very useful insights to business management topics! Definitely recommended to all!  The Professor also makes the topic very interesting and lively. This was the best course I have taken on Coursera!
Professor Brian teaches really well. Throughout the course you will never feel bore. He keeps you entertain throughout the course. This course is really good for one having no basic understanding of finance and accounting
It's a great course for someone has no economy background,but I do want to add on suggestion. Please have a relative formal definition for all the technical terms such as Retained Earning, Additional Paid in Capital, etc.
I liked that there were real world examples for analysis.  The case studies helped the most.  Finally, I liked the ability to work at my own pace and have the ability to see why I missed questions on the homework quizzes.
Professor does an amazing job making the material interesting and engaging.  I really enjoyed the animated class characters that got to ask questions and found the banter highly entertaining.  Would recommend this course.
The concepts are well-explained, and the course community is quite active. more interestingly, there're "mock students" in the video lecture who ask helpful questions, and making jokes (so that the course won't be boring)
Dear Prof. Bushee,I must commend you for the efforts you have put int the course material, especially videos and the virtual classroom. This is unarguably the best online course I have come across on the online platform.
Professor explains very clearly each definition of financial terms, he also supports some practical problems to solve and good materials to follow-up on each video. It's worth to rate 5 star for this course. Many thanks!
Great Professor. He did a good job of knowing when students would have questions. This course was very easy to understand and provided lots of practice to make sure you get it. Virtual students were even helpful as well.
Thanks Prof. Brian Bushee. I have developed a good sense of understanding financial statements - It would be great if there a study group where we can pick other companies and further delve into the financial statements
very helpful course IN financing especially for people who are a beginner like me I really gain a lot of financing skills 1- how to make a balance sheet 2-how to make income statement 3- how to make cash flow statement
I would like to thanks everyone in this site especially the instructor prof Brauin to his efforts and the way to delivered the information  I am really proud to took this course.thanks for you again and again and again
Very interactive, fun and interesting. Prof. Bushee has found the perfect balance in my opinion between sticking to the task at hand and giving us moments to have a laugh. Your effort has not gone unnoticed Professor!
The course iss well organized, thorough without being overwhelming, and enjoyable. Professor Bushee provides the foundations of financial accounting and then walks students through examples and real-life applications.
I like how the professor arranged this course! The teaching structure is clear. The virtual students are funny. The professor's hocky pocky and puns are very interesting too, which makes this course not boring at all.
I've taken this course twice in collage and once online and just COULD not wrap my mind around the concept...UNTIL Mr. Bushee explained it the way he did...debit means left, credit means right. Thank God for this man!
Professor Bushee is very funny and course materials are really well-organized and well-explained. The process is full of fun. Also it's a cool idea to add some virtual students. Thanks a lot for this wonderful course!
This course is good even for beginners. But you might need to take reference of other videos too for standards of your own specific countries and practice a little more before giving the tests. Overall great course.
Just started the course but he is good and straight to the points.  You must know the basics on accounting to take this course.  But it all makes sense and he has the PDF for each class.  It will be work my money.
Excellent and extremely informative course. The only criticism is that some of the quiz answers could be addressed specifically in a video which would be beneficial. Overall, enjoyed the course and learned a lot.
Thank you so much, comprehesive material taught in an accessible way. I'm 17 years old, didn't have any previous experience with accounting, am not a native English speaker and completed this course successfully.
Prof Brian is pretty hilarious and breaks down the concepts very well. For anyone who likes to learn accounting (which is truly one of the most boring topics in the world with a silly sense of humor)- this is it.
This was an excellent introduction into finance at the corporate level and will be of great value to me in my current tasks for my employer.  Very well explained, with great examples to help clarify the content.
The virtual students were the best! It can be rigorous if it's your first time, but worth it. You need to take notes and listen to each video in order to do the quiz. In short, a must-do course for any beginner.
I really enjoyed this course. It was taught in a manner that worked well for me, and I feel that I gained a lot of knowledge from it. I will be taking the second part of this financial accounting course as well.
Very dry topic for me coming from the Engineering world. However Brian was able to make it funny and looking like a game sometimes. The exercises were great and the questions from the virtual students excellent.
Professor did an excellent job of understanding where the learner is coming from and making sure that the content was appropriately explained. I appreciated the effort he put into making the class entertaining.
Very good introduction course, allowing to understand the fundamentals of accounting in a very pragmatic and easy way, progressively advancing from basics to more complex topics. I highly recommend this course.
This course is great. The material is dense. Each spoken word by the professor counts(!!) for the exams. It is challenging and fun. I come from an engineering background, so it was even more challenging for me!
Professor Bushee packs a ton of information into this class in a short time but makes it funny and interesting enough to keep you coming back for more. I will definitely be taking the next class in the series!
Great class. Quick videos make it fun and easy to get through. Teacher is great and his sense of humor really makes the class fun. I love the witty nature of the virtual students and think it add to the class.
It was really a great learning experience. Prof Brian Bushee has explained everything in such simple terms. It's helped me a great deal for my accounting course at MBA. Thank you Prof Brian Bushee and Coursera
Great introduction to the topics.  There is a lot of information covered here, and I think it would take quite a while to master.  Thanks for simplifying a complex subject enough for me to scratch the surface!
Great Course! Professor Brian Bushee was very good at teaching the fundamentals of Accounting, and he made it enjoyable with the virtual classmates. I highly recommend the course, and thank Professor Bushee.
Professor Bushee makes a very boring subject interesting and easy to understand. I came out of this class having really learned something, and believe it or not, I laughed out loud at a number of his jokes.
Very hard and challenging content (it took me about 3x as long as the suggested time needed for the course, but I'm likely an outlier). Great instructing from Professor Bushee - he is patient and thorough.
Professor Brian Bushee makes accounting so much fun! It is my first attempt at this subject and I don't think I would have enjoyed this or be motivated to continue with it without him. Thank you so much :)
It took time for me to adjust to the professor's way of teaching but as the course progressed I have realized that it is very effective. Virtual students helped a lot. Overall a great learning experience.
The professor is full of humour and explains everything very clearly. The virtual students are really helpful because thanks of the questions by the students, the video is much more interactive! Thanks!!!
I really liked the pedagogy used by Professor Bryan Bushee. It is clear, entertained and dynamic. The contents are very complete, full of examples and detailed. The proportioned material is super useful.
this is a medal of honor for me to be a part of this course . warm thanks to BUSHEE  sir who introduce every topic very effectively and made very easy for me.                             thanks alot's
Loved this course!  Because it was via videos, you could pause and digest the material at your own speed.  More challenging content than I expected so felt I learned a lot.  Will take another course!
maybe it is me, but exam #3 has some contradictory information because upon reviewing feedback there were instances where an item would be correct. and after a new test it would be deemed incorrect.
Thank you Professor for this great course. Your diligent passion for teaching has shown through out the entire courses. I was able to understand those hard concepts through your practical examples.
The Prof, Mr Bushee is amazing and made the whole course pretty interesting. Without him this course wouldn't have the same lustre. The course gives good knowledge accompanied with decent practice.
It is clear to see the amount of work Prof. Brain Bushee has put into making this course fun. Thoroughly enjoyed the learning experience with the e-students that asked questions in the lectures! :)
The course is well suited for beginners and requires no prior expertise.The course is well structured and explained.The "virtual students" are a fun way of breaking the linearity of the teaching.
Excellent. Easy to understand. As thought Prof Brian Bushee can read your mind and know what questions you are thinking even before you can ask them. Also appreciate his humour. Enjoyed this one.
Learned a lot from Prof. Brian Bushee class. Is my second class on Financial Accounting from a different school. With his explanation and examples the numbers make sense now. Thanks for the class
Prof Brian is a genius! He managed to overhaul what is typically perceived as a drudging content to a fun and interesting ride! Thank you for that extra cherry on top, it made all the difference!
This course offered a thorough and concise review of Financial accounting concepts. Correlating these concepts to 3M Financial statements made the learning real-time. Thank you, Professor Bushee!
Excellent. A very good introduction to accounting. I work in mining and I used to work in operations, but I moved to an area closer to Finance and I really needed a re-fresh of all these topics.
Professor Bushee made this course an incredible fun experience! He did an amazing job in keeping my attention and motivation thru the course. Thank you Professor for the fun learning experience!
Excellent course. Clear explanations, and lots of good examples to walk you through how to solve problems and use concepts. I absolutely recommend it, and will begin the next course right away.
Brian is a great professional! No doubt he worked hard to make these excellent videos! Quizzes made me feel nervous with all of these tricky questions. I highly recommend to enroll his courses.
The video lectures were engaging and informative. I liked how short the video segments were as they allowed me to learn at my own pace and be able to finish sections in reasonable time chunks.
Great course!!  Dr. B is an amazing teacher.  His continuous examples and creative "side classroom" made this class fun while imparting great accounting knowledge and basics!  Thank you Dr. B
Brilliant. Very well designed videos, lots of practical examples, good quizzes and virtual students who seem to read your mind and ask the exact question that may be cropping up in your mind.
I liked the fact that the little cartoon characters were asking questions and making statements. Whether they were right or wrong the professor would respond and explain why it was this way.
I thought this was a great intro to the subject matter, extremely hands on and useful. I use accounting in my professional life, and am mostly self-taught. This has already been a huge help.
This was a very challenging course for an introduction. You really have to devote adequate time for a great understanding. I learned a lot and would recommend this course to future students.
Gives me a familiarity with a lot of accounting terms which were not understandable before. Teaches an important life skill and helps in augmenting analytical skills through ratio analysis.
Fantastic Course. Packed with useful information. It's a good indicator that I had to pause the lecture frequently in order to write down and digest the information. Well done, many thanks!
Videos and supporting materials really help to break down the basics, and ensure understanding from the student. Would recommend this course to anyone seeking an introduction to accounting!
This is a great course and I thoroughly enjoyed taking it. Prof. Bushee explains concepts in a clear and  entertaining manner (I love the virtual students). I highly recommend this course.
This was a great overview into Balance Sheets, Statement of Cash Flows and Ratio Analyses.  I learned a great deal and the quizzes do a very good job ensuring that you know the material.
Absolutely enjoyed doing the course - Brian's lectures are absolutely brilliant What I enjoyed the most was the Homework, test your understanding which helps you as a student .... Thanks
I have no background in accounting. This course really helped me to get a thorough understanding of the accounting concepts with practical use cases. A huge thanks to Prof. Brian Bushee.
Introduction to Financial accounting was fun. I love the characters and the overall tone of the lectures (fun). I learned a lot and was able to pass the course. Thanks, Professor Brian!
Definitely the best accounting course. My wife is surprised how my accounting knowledge has increased in the past few weeks. (She is going to get her MS degree in Accounting this fall.)
Taking this class as a high school junior, and I found this challenging but not extremely difficult to follow.  Prof. Bushee made it interesting and interactive enough to stay engaged.
The instructor taught the subject well. I did try a few times to pass as this is not a subject of my interest. But after about 2.5 attempts on an average, I was able to pass the tests.
I really enjoyed the professor's teaching style and found the course to be very digestible. I learned a lot and didn't find the course too difficult to take. Would recommend to anyone.
This is a great course. As a software engineer, whenever some Accounting lingo came, I would just stop listening. I always wanted to learn accounting and somehow thought this would h
Very good course to understand financial accounting. It starts from basics and go ahead. I loved the  way of teaching. I hope that you will introduce some more courses in accounting.
Excellent course, I really appreciated the level of difficulty of the quizzes and the exam.Also, our digital classmates were entertaining and added a really nice touch! Many thanks!
His teaching skill is amazing! The professor makes studying accounting more fun and understandable. I certainly understood some topics that I didn't understand from my college days.
Materials presented in interesting and logical ways. Love the approach of this professor, which combines theory, case study and practice of reading annual report (3M) in every week.
It is a great course for those who are looking for a great background on Accouting. Therefore, I highly recommend for everyone who is eager for a good source of knowledge. Thanks!!
I like this course,  it is really nice organised and easy to understand. I also like the way to do the assignment, also the way Brian teaches. Highly recommond. Thank you Brian. :)
Exceptional course for getting an intro to financial accounting. So good I enrolled for the sequel, More Introduction to Financial Accounting and was able to fully complete it too.
The Professor of this course is very good. he used a lot ox examples to make student understand. Also he usually make some  interesting quiz and funny jokes.  I like this class :))
Great instructor and content. Worth of studying for anyone who wants to learn about balance sheets, income statements, and cash flow statements. There are two final exams btw lol.
Professor Bushee makes intro accounting interesting and approachable.  He is down-to-earth and relatable, particularly when you consider his existing accomplishments in the space.
One of the best courses I have ever completed.I took me from zero knowledge in accounting and gave me an awesome overview about the financial statement and how we understand them.
The week four lectures felt a bit rushed, and not as in depth as the coursework for the first 3 weeks. But overall it was a fantastic and challenging course that was well taught.
this course has been an eye opener in the field of accounting, which i was a complete rookie at. a big thanks to prof. Brian Bushee for helping me understand and ace this course.
That's an outstanding and very useful course! I highly appreciate all your contribution in it.Thank you for the large amount of examples, this content is increadibly interesting.
Best teacher ever on coursera! Make the complicated concepts simple by going through step by step. Make the boring contents full of fun. Detail oriented, professional, humorous.
I learn a lot of accounting concepts, I have more confidence now to read financial statements and to see more clearly how a corporations is doing in overal finantial performance
Was great to follow with the videos. I could repeat the videos several times, to understand better. This you can't do if it is not online, so it offered me a great flexibility.
Great course, I feel more confident in accounting after having completed this course, the videos are accessible yet very dense focusing on the essentials, thank you Professor.
The virtual students are annoying at first but then they really help you visualize the topics. The professor is very methodical and you learn a lot about financial accounting.
I like the entire course and i do want to thank all people who exert deadly efforts to deliver all these materials to us so we can have easy learning.Thanks so much, Coursera.
Very captivating and amazingly organized by professor Brian Bushee! Not to mention his terrific sense of humor.  This was an excellent course! Thank you so much prof. Bushee.
It was a pleasure assisting classes from Professor Brian Bushee. He made it easy to understand and easy to go though topics that are less exciting. Congratulations Professor!
that was great. I love the virtual students contribute in course and how the instructor brings the example to help understanding difficult concepts. I recommend the course :)
The virtual class thing is kinda weird at first, but eventually you really appreciate the professor's sense of humor and the way he makes a relatively dry subject enjoyable.
It was amazing learning with Professor Brian. I completed enjoy & I feel easy to learn accounting. I would like to pursue more coursers in accounting to gain more knowledge.
I have learned Journal entry, T-account, trial balance, Income statement, Statement of cash flow and balance sheet. I also can read and understand financial report basically
Absolutely loved the course!Excellent course material for a beginner in accounting.Professor Brian Bushee's humor(that flows through virtual students) was also an highlight!
Extremely didactical. I love the virtual students. They ask exactly what I´d asked! The lessons are very well paced, no boring or extra long sessions. Highly recommendable!!
The contents were great!  Mr. Bouche has  explained the course in such a way to keep me motivated to go to the next course and the next and answer the homeworks!!Thank you!
Although it took me a lot of time for some of these lessons, a great amount of info is covered and presented very well by the professor. Highly recommended, and thank you!
Great course for getting introduced to FA or get a brush-up. Prof. Bushee is an excellent communicator and I am thoroughly enjoying taking this course. Can only recommend!
Thanks to the Professor for his time and effort and developing a wonderful online course. I wish there was a quiz for Financial Ratios too as I learn better through exams.
Love the interaction with virtual students. Clear explanation and downloadable PDF definitely put beginners of accounting (like me) on the fast track. Highly recommended!
The best professor period. i was so confident i took the exam without revising material and failed a few times but learnt a bunch. I will take his other courses as well.
Engaging professor, with dry humor and excellent relevant examples. The class tackles the topics thoroughly and at a perfect pace, with lots of opportunity for practice.
Very well explained course. The professor is clear and easy to understand for a non-english student (French) which is helped by a good video quality. Thank you very much
This was one of the best courses I have ever taken. Well prepared, comprehensible, well paced, great examples, easy to understand and even interesting to learn. Amazing.
I really enjoyed and learned a lot from this course... And I would thank Dr. Brian.. He had a really nice teaching Method  that will make you love what are you studying
Excellent course with many examples and a great teacher. I did like the virtual students, it made the online classroom more natural. I will recommend it to my friends.
Excellent course, prof. Bushee's presentation style and personality blends nicely with a perfect course structure to make learning accounting  an unexpected pleasure !
Very good overview and the intensive review of examples was especially helpful. I did find the virtual students strange at first but also came to be very fond of them.
Accounting was not fun for me but the professor made sure I stuck with the material to the end, he made it digestible and fun sometimes, I learned a lot in the course.
Exceptional. The teacher is soooo good. Dedicated, caring, funny, interesting, relevant. Thank you so much for giving us all this amazing opportunity. And real honor.
Very well explained and the course material is highly engaging ! Kudos to Prof. Bushee for designing such a good course. I was able to follow and learn the course co
Excellent course, very informative. Professor Brian Bushee did a phenomenal job to explain the fundamentals of accounting in details.. Highly recommend this course.
Prof. Brian Bushee is hilarious! His examples and virtual student questions are informative and entertaining at the same time. I loved this course, I learned a lot.
Excellent! Took the course to review the concepts I had learned several years ago and feel comfortable again with these accounting principles. Thanks Prof. Bushee!
Very well taught, even if the subject is tough.  I loved the virtual students and the jokes :)  I'll take the next course with the remaining 6 lessons.  Thank you.
Simply the best accounting course I ever had. Thank you professor for all the fun & challenging questions. Please don't go Brian, your fancy characters are great !
I really enjoyed it. It informative, interesting and my funny classmates were amaizing.Already looking forward for taking More introduction to Financial Accounting
Obviously with this being an Ivy league course it's gonna be pretty good, but it was pretty hard. Don't let introductory fool you though, this is CPA level stuff.
The professor was informative and lively.  He anticipated questions and answered them clearly.  I had a lot of fun learning a lot of new material in this course.
Great primer for folks without any business or accounting background. Professor is amazing in ensuing that the course is not boring and slowly builds on concepts
Prof brian Bushee gave clear step by step explanation with examples, plus a dash of humour on the side. Never thought learning accounting could be so enjoyable!
Excellent course for learning basics of accounting. Prof. Brian really knows how to keep students engaged.  The virtual students asking doubts was a nice touch.
Best introduction course for understanding Financial Statements, basic accounting and ratios. Virtual students are really funny and make this course a fun ride.
Awesome course in a mannered way. Plus I hate the animations that were shown in the video. So next time please try to do without them, they irritate very badly.
After taking the courses, have a basic understanding of balance sheet, income statement, cash flow statement. The course is easy to understand and interesting.
Excellent teacher. Goes through extra effort to keep his students engaged, which any regular teacher would not do due to the extra effort that would be needed!
Bushee is brilliant. Accounting may not be the most fun topic to learn, but he really makes it entertaining (yes Accounting, entertaining). Highly recommended.
Professor Bushee is a brilliant teacher. The introduction of new concepts is made easy to understand and can be applied right away in a real work environment.
This course helped me develop skills on financial accounting, lectures were informative and fun. Also forums were helpful for understanding important details.
Great class, that is my first coursera course and I, surprisingly, find it nothing boring at all, but in fact inspirational. Many thanks for Professor Bushee.
This was an excellent course, I've really enjoyed it and learned a lot. More practice exercises would make it even better. Thanks a lot for the course, Brian!
This professor's funny interactive approach made me laugh and kept me engaged. He himself was hilarious as well.... Make sure to check out his "Hokey Pokey".
Pretty interesting and accurate explanation of the concepts. Plus the animations are amazing and very close to how students feel in the span of the videos :D
I loved this class. Professor Brian Bushee is really an amazing teacher. I can't believe how much I have learned and how much I want to learn in the future!
Course is very good and gave basic knowledge of the concepts in a such way so that even a person from non- finance background like me understood them easily
This course covers very basic details of financial accountings which helps you understand the basics. Thank you for such interesting and descriptive course.
Being an Engineering student I understood the concepts very efficiently. Before the course i had no idea of accounting and learnt many aspects in the field.
It was a great chance to learn financial accounting in English and this course is very well organized and inclusive of much important content! I loved it :)
Amazing teacher, very helpful to help you understand the concepts in an enjoyable manner. Very organised course and managable. Highly recommend it to anyone
Professor Brian Bushee is amazing! I was completely new to financial accounting. Every single term was new to me and the way he teaches this is outstanding!
This was my first class on Coursera and I loved it! Professor Bushee was such a great professor! I will have to find out what other classes he offers here!
The prof is great--clear, concise and very well organized.  He also has a quirky sense of humor which is creatively expressed through the virtual students.
accounting isn't a very exciting subject to begin with - the way this course is constructed makes it easy to follow and understand the basics.  Thank you!!
Prpf. Brian Bushee is one of the best processors that I have ever had.  Clear, logic and fun teaching!  Sincere thanks to Prof. Bushee to make the course!
Very Informational and My professor has a very good sense of humor, no on else can mix Hokey Pokey with accounting like he did. Appreciate the knowledge.
Profesor Brian J Bushee is extremely effective in helping you understand and put into action basic financial accounting concepts. I found it very useful.
I can't recommend this course enough. Professor Brian Bushee is an excellent instructor, and the course and accompanying materials are top notch as well!
Accounting made easy and fun by the amazing Professor! Helped me firmly grasp basic accounting concepts and how they are applied in real world practices.
Prof Bushee is fantastic. He makes accounting about as entertaining as it can possibly be, and is able to clearly communicate complex abstract concepts.
Amazing! The professor is PHENOMENAL and the videos are both engaging and informative. This course is getting me through my in-person accounting course.
It is a very detailed and clear/easy course on complex enough and important accounting and financial reporting topics. Many thanks to the course author!
Muy buen curso, el profesor hace de un tema difícil, algo entretenido.Very Good course, professor turned something difficult into something kind of fun
Great course that I feel like I will be able to apply in my real-life. I just need to do more practice on my own to keep it fresh and more instinctive.
This class is the best.  The Professor was very informative. He provided many examples to make sure students get a clear understanding of the concepts.
Superb demonstration of a traditionally dry subject. If you like accounting and/or properly recognizing revenue as a SMB, this course is a great start.
This course was very helpful and well thought out.  It was easy to follow, the instructor obviously put lots of work into making this course engaging.
Clear, concise and easy to follow. The practical examples and the questions from the virtual students helped me to bring more clarity to some topics.
Great course. It also helped that I had done another accounting course prior to this one. Professor Brian Bushee's humour is also highly appreciated.
This was not an easy course, but the material made it very worthwhile.  A lot of financial statements I've seen over the years make a lot more sense.
Great and totally detailed course. Extremely useful for a beginner like me and also for amateurs.Would recommend to all for such a wonderful course.
Love the professor. He found a way to make accounting interesting. This course is my first step of the MSA program. Highly recommend it to everyone.
Excellent course material with detailed examples covering different practical scenarios. A must-have for people who are new to Financial Accounting.
Excellent course material and professor. Exams are progressively difficult but doable if you watch all the classes and properly review the material.
Hi, this course was suer informational and helpful to me.Thanks a lot to instructors and coursera team for giving e such an opportunity! Good luck!
I was very new to accounting and just knew some basic things on debits and credits. I feel more confident moving into this field after this course.
Great teacher, excellent lecture and it's easy to understand each of his lectures. Definitely one of the best teacher I've had throughout my study.
I did find the cartoon characters and simulated voices really distracting.  The concepts and examples were great and easy to follow and understand.
Great professor! Funny and to the point, he knows what the students are thinking, so it makes it easier to learn online with no direct interaction!
I really like the course, because it does show you step by step way of learning to acquired the maximum understanding of introduction of accounting
The lectures in the last week were a bit fast and had some new jargon which could be  explained more clearly. But overall the course was awesome !
very well structured and good examples. the virtual students asked a lot of good question. overall learned alot from this online course. Thank you
Excellent course for non accountants. Really well structured and challenging. The exam questions really make you think about what you have learnt.
Professor's Idea of virtual students was great, his connectivity towards the students was great and his pun intented sense of humour was awesome.
BEST COURSE I have ever attended, I wish all teachers could illustrate and explain concepts like this and then there will be no failing students.
Great basic idea to understand. There is huge case that I have to deal with, so helpful to get some idea about the actual practices. Thank you :)
Very good course but tricky to remember. It will get better with practice and thankfully my notes and the pdfs will help me retain my knowledge.
Really great! Even if the subject is quite complicted for a beginner, the lessons are intresting, funny and with a lot of "real world" examples!
This course is amazing: pedagogical, clear and funny. Makes financial accounting straighforward and easily understandable... at last. Thank you!
I actually enjoyed the virtual people. And I enjoyed Prof. Brian's goofy humor and demand for the integrity of context in financial accounting.
The professor conducts clear concept with concrete examples. This helps me really much to understand general knowledge of financial accounting.
Thanks a lot. I find it interesting everytime I have the same question with the people in the video. And the way Professor taught is inspiring.
Professor covers a lot of ground in a fun manner.  I would like to improve upon my understandings of this course and will go through it again.
Thank you  Brian I have alot from you. I love the style of teaching. More students to come and thank you for this 4 weeks online course study.
Amazing experience and I learned very easily and quickly because of professor Brian J Bushee. I will use what I learned in my work everytime.
Professor Brian Bushee realy lifts this somewhat tedious subject to a interesting topic. Since it is realy importance to understand accouting
Great course for fresh green bean, just like me...lolThere are some trick questions, but they are fun. I like the professor, he is hilarious.
The course was highly insightful.It helped me learn basics of financial accounting in a much simpler way.Thanks a lot for the efforts shown.
Great professor and engaging lectures.If you have forgotten accounting fundamentals or want to learn from scratch, it is a great option. 5/5
This course was very educative! Totally out of my comfort zone but I think it was very important to know this information as n entrepreneur.
Amazing course. The clarity with which the ideas are presented it really great. Loved the approach and examples given throughout the course.
Many thanks to Professor Brian Bushee and to all team who prepared this course.The course was very useful for me and I enjoyed attending it.
very informative for beginners!even the complex scenarios and topics are explained with ease.and and last, the virtual students. Hilarious !
Tremendous class! Has been really helpful to the MBA program I am currently attending. Will be probably taking the follow-up class as well.
Wow, what a great course, Thank you so much :) Your video people are hilarious and often ask questions I'm thinking, which is very helpful.
Great knowledge with a outstanding delivery. It may sound a little silly with those cartoons, but it makes the lessons way less monotonous.
One of the most interesting Accounting course I have ever learned. I love Brian's sense of humour and the virtual classroom's interaction.
Nice teacher, good explainations and lot of examples. I already studied this field in my master IRL thought, so it made it easier for me.
I learned a lot in this course, the teacher is great, I enjoyed the students in the class, Thanks! Es un Curso genial, que buen profesor
I have taked first part and I am very satisfied and happy. Very clear and simple explanation with a lot of important questions answered.
This class is great! Accounting is generally hard, but this class is very easy to follow and particularly engaging for an online course.
A superb stepping stone that addresses the fundamental concepts essential for MBA, Finance and courses within the gambit of accounting.
Great professor and great course. Very entertaining class and we recommend to people with only econ background but 0 account background
Great course! Thank you Professor Bouche! I will miss the virtual students but we exchanged emails and will hang out with them soon :)
I like the way Professor Brian teaches and how the format of his courses engages the success of people with different learning styles.
THIS COURSE IS USEFUL AND I HAVE LEARNED MANY NEW TOPICS AND TIPS OF HOW I CAN PREPARE A FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. THANKS AND BEST WISHES.
Prof Buchet was awesome! He broke down everything step by step in a comprehensible way and managed to make me laugh at the same time!
Very interesting! I really love the way you teach and those virtual students! They always ask either interesting or useful questions.
Professor Brian Bushee has explained the concepts in a very structured, simple and exhaustive manner. Thanks for this great course :)
Substantial course contents, amusing and erudite professor, what a great job Coursera platform and Wharton Business School have done!
Amazing teaching style fun to take this course.. A bit tricky course than the previous course of Marketing.. Fun to learn it finally.
Excellent course, well presented, gives a great introduction to understanding a company's financial statements.  Thank you very much.
Fantastic course!  Kept it interesting throughout, and showed the nuances of many of the methods used, and most importantly, why,...
Very informative with virtual students and questions during the lectures.The course covers all the basics of Accounting Principles.
Brian Bushee is a great teacher.  Lots of practice examples.  Virtual students are used really effectively to emphasize key points.
Enjoyed the content and the presentation of content.  I appreciated the humor and the fact Professor Bushee is a fellow Minnesotan.
well its really challenging and mind boggling. but i love a good challenge and some brain exercise. thank you Professor Bushee. =)
Great!!!I've learned so much!And the teacher, Mr Bushee, is extremely good at teaching.I cannot wait for the 2nd part to start ;-)
Excellent option of giving data of topics via pdf.Beautiful animation to keep the session interactive.Most helpful course till now
Very practical and easy to understand. Ideal for non-accountants that want to work in finance. The professor very good and funny.
The instructor is clear and concise, while also adding an element of humour. The notes are detailed, and he has done a great job.
The course was neatly structured and concepts were explained in an interesting way(with the help of virtual students). Thank You!
Good teacher and very well explained material, an update of the slides and material would be welcome (seem to date back to 2012)
The course provides knowledge on various aspects required for accountancy. Recommended for any financial accountancy enthusiast.
I found the professor easy and interesting to follow.  The lessons were in short sections which made material simpler to digest.
-The tests are changed every time, enabling you to really revise and understand the material taught-Compared to real life cases
It was a great learning course and i would suggest to anyone who is looking to study accounting ot just learn basic accounting.
Great course. Learnt so much from the professor. If you have no prior accounting exposure, this is a great introductory course.
Great course with an excellent teacher. The virtual students are really useful for enhancing the understanding of the material.
Coursera is really a good platform that helps us to learn new things and develop our knowledge in particular interested field.
Never knew accounting is that tricky. It's really rewarding to gain this knowledge as I plan for my future business endeavors.
Wow, it has been a long and intense weeks, but amazing and challenging which I really like. I'm grateful for this opportunity.
Professor Bushee made the information enjoyable, applicable, and most of all fun! I highly recommend taking a course from him.
Prof.  Buchee makes financial reporting so much fun, and I hope everyone who are interested in accounting to take this course.
Phenomenal course by Prof Brian Bushee. He makes the subject extremely interesting and his virtual classroom is very engaging.
This is a so good course! Professor explained very clear. It helped me a lot to understand accounting. I love it. Thank you!!!
Professor Bouche makes this video learning fun. The material given were exceptionally packaged; informative and to the point.
Super detailed and well curated. The professor kept things super interesting and the virtual students were a riot! Loved it!
Great content. In the exams, some questions could've had better explanations but then that would be giving away the answers.
Well detailed and engaging course. Instructor provides plenty of resources, examples, and tools to succeed at your own pace.
It is great to revise the knowledge after quite a long time.  The course is very comprehensive with practical case studies.
The professor made this course super fun. I am glad I took this course and I have been applying things I learned every day.
It enhanced further my accounting skills, and also I got my verified certificate! Thank you Wharton School and coursera! :)
The material was presented in an entertaining way, making it easier to learn. The "virtual students" were a fantastic idea.
Interesting course! Lots of funny questions and jokes during lectures! Professor Brian J Bushee has a good sense of humor!
Great course with great teacher! although there are some parts that feel too fast and make me sleepy, overall it is great!
Explained in way that made it easy to understand. Multiple attempts allowed for quizzes and assignments. Would take again.
Very straight forward.  Lectures were the perfect length.  Lack of a textbook was challenging, but that might just be age.
Very helpful and easy to understand. the professor was very friendly and the material was helpful. definitely recommended.
Very informative and entertaining course. One of the best lecturer I have ever encountered during various online courses!
Mr Professor is quite experienced and has great knowledge of teaching skills. Completely satisfies by course. Thank you!!
Prof. Bushee is an amazing teacher! Focuses on conceptual clarity and learning through application/tackling corner cases.
Very interesting and valuable for high school students like myself who are looking to receive an insight into Accounting!
The teacher does a phenomenal job making accounting fun.  It is not fun per se but this is as close as it might ever get.
Excellent Coursei love this course and the professor and will recommend to whoever is interested in financial accounting.
A great accounting class that explains all concepts very clearly. It really helps in understanding financial statements.
Professor style is funny and engaging. Topic intros are concise and simple enough to grasp and lead into the next topic.
Excellent! All I know about finance and accounting is because of this course! Best course I've taken. Thank you so much.
The digital characters are fun ! I like the teacher's humour - makes me laugh in front of my screen but few understand.
A great course to introduce you to financial accounting, especially if you do not have a numerical business background.
This is course has changed my perspective towards accounting and now I can boast of knowing and loving accounting too.
Great Prof, very structured and easily digestable introduction to accounting, teaches some directly applicable skills.
Excellent review if you have taken Introduction to Financial Accounting in the past. Engaging and entertaining videos.
Great experience to dive into financial accounting domain, got me better understand the corporate financial statement.
Best professor I have seen. Funny, understanding a student and great intro to financial accounting. Thanks professor!
Definitely one of the best professors i have come across. His explanations are crystal clear and very easy to follow.
very good course. the best accounting course i have attended, although i still don't quite understand the cashflow...
Great course.  The teaching method was concise and informative, especially the questions from the virtual classroom.
I like this lesson , and also the lesson performance way by Mr.Brain. I hope to learn more with Mr.Brian. Thank you!
I think the manner in which something as mundane as accounting has been explained by Prof. Bushee is really amazing.
very helpful course for persons starting to look a career in Financial Accounting.crisp. precise.highly recommended.
coming from fashion design background and zero accounting and financial knowledge, i cannot thank professor enough!
The professor is super humorous and I like his teaching style. He makes accounting less boring but more attractive.
Brian Bushee  is an amazing professor. Learned things easily with apt examples. Liked the idea of virtual students.
Fantastic primer on financial accounting! The professor especially made the course extremely fun and easy to learn.
I have learnt a lot of accounting staff from this course that i have never learnt before. Great course . Thank you.
Professor Brian Bushee delivers the course material in a highly enticing manner that kept me engaged at all times.
Professor Brian is very clear and relaxed in his teaching style. This makes for an enjoyable learning experience!
Really enjoyed the course. The lectures are short and the explanation of the information is very straight foward.
Very instructive. Professor Bushee succeeds in making this topic both interesting and entertaining. Great course!
Thank You ProfessorIt was a great learning experience.Material for studies are much more satisfactory.Thank you!
Excellent Course. A perfect course for all level of students. Thanks to Coursera for giving me this opportunity.
AMAZING course! Professor Brian Bushee is so funny and engaging!!! The virtual students made me laugh so hard :D
Excellently designed course. Very well taught by the professor and lays deep foundation to financial management.
A very interesting, stimulating and very well presented course. All the basics I needed to understand accounting
I thought I was terrible at accounting but Dr. Bushee made it so intuitive and understandable. Amazing teacher!
Accounting can be boring and counterintuitive, Prof. Bushee managed to make it easier and fun. Really well done
Excellent introduction to financial accounting terms and provides basic understanding of 3 financial statements
The course was really useful though i have already studied accounting before  , plenty  of examples are given.
Difficult subject but covered all material good.  Wish I had more practice before the exam but it was a good r
Great course for someone with no accounting background. I learned so much from this course. Highly recommend.
A wonderful course; really went in-depth and lays a solid foundation for those who want to grasp accounting!
Amazing course!!! Very interactive and informative! I really appreciated the humor and animation! Thank you!
Its amazing how Professor took a subject that has an insight of boring and made it interesting!! thank you!!
The Best Financial Accounting Ever. This course helped me so much that I will give it a seven stars review.
The professor is very good at teaching and his online material is very clear and full of practical examples
I have only watched week 1 so far, but the material is presented in a very thorough, easy-to-follow manner.
This was a great course with excellent pacing and creative presentation of content. I highly recommend it!
Excellent course for introduction and review with special attention to verbage used in the business world.
Very good. When you hear about accounting you may think it is boring but this course is not boring at all.
I love Professor Bushee's teaching style. The course was broken down well and I feel like I learned a lot.
Professor Bushee kept it interesting and made me think more clearly about the detail. Thanks, Prof Bushee.
Really solid course providing many practicable examples and cases to help understand the accounting rules.
the course was super helpful for me - tons of knowledge and fun among the linesthank you Professor Bushee!
Great Course! But 1st timers would need to go through the content twice to get a hang of a lot of things.
Really love Prof. Bushee!! he is soooo humorous and always make this difficult course fun. learned a lot!
Excellent course: just the right speed, well done slides and a perfect assortment of worked-out examples.
Amazing slides. breaks down everything into categories and helps correct most common accounting mistakes.
The course is really very interesting, the knowledge, earned from it, is really helpful in the real life!
Lots of material covered in this short 4 week course. Also the videos and exams were very well compiled..
well paced, loved the questions from the cartoon charactersMakes dry accounting a little more interesting
Good course, very detailaed. Requires a fair amount of study to get a grasp on all the concepts covered.
Very nice and useful course for non-accountant people which had no background about financial accounting
Very helpful! Professor Bushee is a wonderful teacher who also knows how to add humor to the classroom.
The way of teaching is extremely superb along with animation, learned a lot without getting hackneyed..
If there is anything that is not boring in Accounting, it is Professor Brian Bushee!Getting addicted...
Dr. Bushee is an excellent teacher. He makes accounting a fun and exciting process. Highly recommended.
i learned a lot of things i understand the basic concept of the course that i never learned in school.
Educational course on basics of financial accounting with professor
who teaches well and makes it fun.
Very good teacher, The class is quite challenging but very interesting and again the teacher is great!
Felt like a true foundational course not just intro surface level. Felt like I could apply this stuff.
Great course! Structured, clear and easy to understand. Nice jokes and humor in the course - real fun!
Extremely detailed and very well delivered.  I like the creativity behind the delivery of the module.
Videos make it really easy to understand accounting principles, with very good examples. Fun to watch
Tough class and very interesting.  I thought the use of the virtual students help explain the topics.
Exceptional course, very structured, lots of examples; even mimicking student questions.Thanks a lot!
Excellent.Very well designed course.Mr Bushee's method of  teaching is very interesting and creative.
Excellent. Very pedagogical, funny and with enough hands-on examples to get the knowledge knocked in.
Excellent course!  Very well explanatory step by step and lot of examples for being easily understood
Excellent very good method of teaching thank you very much. I want to know more about accounting now
The course is easy and fun to learn and the professor's explanation is very clear. Highly recommend.
Hard course but the professor does a good job teaching the complex financial accounting information.
Outstanding course. Conveyed in a clear easy to follow format.  Great examples and course materials.
A lot of practice, solid concepts in a easy teaching way. Very, very good!Thank you professor Brian!
Excellent. Very detailed and absolutely understandable to non-accounting background leaner like me.
Professor is very responsible. Courses are prepared with heart. Not an easy course but very useful.
Very practical an useful! Found myself surprised and able to read Financial documents of companies!
Thank you Prof Bushee and Coursera for making this course available. Great content and assignments.
This course is good! basic knowledge for accounting! Teacher's teaching method is also interesting!
I loved the way Prof. Brain ran the course, interactive and easy to understand, with good examples.
Professor Boucher was great, he has a fun teaching style that keeps you engaged. Great experience!
prof. Brian Bushee is simply gr8, this course would  not been more interesting with out him, KUDOS
Great overview that really hammers home the basics. Really liked the use of a "virtual" classroom.
For a person who knows zero about accounting. This is the best course out there to start learning.
Great explanation. Wasn't boring at all. Plenty of examples to explain concepts. Loved the course!
Out of all Coursera courses I have taken so far, this is the best course because of the teaching s
Very confusing quizzes but challenging! Must keep redoing the quizzes and know the concepts well!
great sense of humor, clear illumination, i am anxiously waiting for managerial accounting course
Good intro to Financial Accounting. Especially the Debit and Credit Part that was well clarifyed.
The teacher is brilliant and he puts a great effort into his video lectures. Totally recommended!
This is very helpful for me . If this course is  totally freed .  It will be more helpful to me.
Prof Bushee presents the matter in a simple and even entertaining way, thank you for the course.
Amazing course and great professor method for teaching not an easy subject. Absolutely loved it.
The professor is very competent and teaches the learning material in an exciting and vivid way.
Yes,I love this course very much!High QualityEasy to RealizeMost important of all,very funny :D
Brian did a great job of putting this course together, making it easy to follow, learn and fun.
Love Professor Bushee's enthusiasm. Great examples. This is an engaging and well-taught course.
I loved the teaching style of Professor Brian who made a mathematical course quite interesting.
A pedagogical approach, fun. Interrogations of virtual students and often the one I ask myself.
Good introductory course especially for some of us without Accounting background..great course!
Course is short but very useful for people who have basic knowledge in accounting and finance.
It was amazing looking forward to start again. This course is going to help me with my studies
Very good introductory course but you should have a very good proficiency in English language.
I learned a lot, the videos is very good and the professor knows how to explain in a easy way.
Great entry level course with lots of problems to work through to help you grasp the concepts.
Course is very helpful as it contains vital knowledge for financial accounting understanding.
I highly recommend this course. It made accounting seem easy and fun. Kudos to the Professor.
Brian Bushee did a phenomenal job explaining the concepts and made the class fun & interestin
Great course for beginners, clear explanations and good balance between theory and practice.
Not a better on-line learning platform than Coursera! Very excited to see Wharton take part!
Very well organized and easy to understand.  The corny jokes made it entertaining, actually.
The course is very structured and therefore makes it easier to enter the world of accounting
The Couse is excellent and very much interactive. I never got bored throughout the sessions.
It has been very USEFUL and it gives enough details for a better understanding of Accounting
Well structured course for beginners interested in the fundamentals of financial accounting
I gained so much more from Accounting knowledge than I honestly thought I would. Thank you!
Never thought a course on a topic like financial accounting could be made this interesting.
A well structured and simple layout. Downloadable content saves a lot of time. Recommended.
The Professor is really amazing. He makes every lecture interesting and easy to understand.
Great Course!  Thank you for efforts.  Please make sure My thread questions gets answered!
Course content perfectly delivered.  Exam format ensures you really understand the topics.
Really loved it. The professor is amazing and I really enjoyed going through these videos!
Excellent Course about finantial Statments. I'm eager to know more about this discipline.
It was a good course to learn and the Professor has taught it really well and creatively.
Great course! Great Professor! I strongly recommend Introduction to Financial Accounting!
Love the virtue student humor. They come up with really necessary additional information!
A great course! , I've taken  accounting before but this course clarify all my knowledge.
Useful classes! Hope there would be more accounting courses for helping us. Thanks a lot!
Really Enjoy the virtual students! Hope can have a cup of coffee with professor someday.
Easy to understand, smooth introduction into financial accounting for non-finance peeps.
It is very interesting and helpful course. Especially for non-financial professionals!!!
How can I get financial support for this course so I can get the certificate afterwords?
Lots of examples to help understand the intricacies in financial accounting, great job!!
Great course, I enjoy it so much and I want to learn more lessons from professor Bushee
Thank you very much for the well explained and simplistic look on Financial Accounting!
Tough, a lot of info, but also a lot practice and knowledge in the end. Also, funny :)
Wow ! It was interesting and difficult,  especially in the cash flow part and rations!
Very useful and interesting. The professor enables a hard course quite easy to follow.
This was definitely a challenging course. I am so excited to be at this finish line!!
Prof. Bushee made this really easy to understand.  I'm a fan of the virtual students.
Very informative. Lots of examples to understand the concepts. Perfect for beginners.
Super Professor! Thank you very much. This class has increased my confidence greatly!
The presentation by Prof. Bushee is phenomenal! So easy to digest even for beginners
Excellent, Professor Bushee has created a course that makes accounting "almost" fun.
I love professor Brian Bushee.  He's very clear and always keeps things interesting.
Awesome course! I wish there could be something on group accounts and joint venture.
Very objective and able to translate all the contents in a very accessible language!
Fundamentals were taught. Very well organized by Bushee. Accent and pace is perfect.
Thorough explanations, great examples, and a kind professor. Couldn't ask for more.
Teaching style is fun and intuitive. This course was a great learning curve for me.
Thank you professor for detail and easy explanation. Really appreciate your effort.
Nice refresher since. Also noted some differences between the IFRS and the US GAAP.
Professor was excellent in distilling information into easy to understand elements.
Love this course i learned a lot!!! This is very usefully i highly recommend this.
So many example and exercise helped to understand the concept better. Thank you !!
Amazing course, especially with  those virtual student who asked a good questions.
Very good, I think most programmers and business analysts  should take this course
I really enjoyed this course.  Helped my test out of Financial Accounting via CLEP
Couldn't have got a better start to the complex and confusing world of accounting.
its a great course for beginner those who really want to learn accounting by heart
Great teacher, very creative guy who makes us engaged and motivated - virtually!!
Informative course with a good overview, I appreciated the pdf files to download.
Best course for overall understanding of Financial Accounting in simplified terms
thank you very much  for this amazing  information  in accounting  thanks for all
What a marvellous presentation of a difficult subject (for beginners). Recommend!
This course was very informative and better presented than I thought it would be.
Professor Bushee is an awesome professor and made everything easy to understand.
It is amazing, I have learned a lot of new things, I really appreciate its help,
Very happy with the class. There are lots of examples to reinforce the concepts.
Very well presented and an enjoyable way to learn such a complicated profession.
The whole experience was outstanding starting from videos, slides & assessments.
Practical case studies with lot of applications. I could clarify lot of doubts .
Great professor! Thanks for making me laugh while learning challenging material!
This is a good course , which introduce accounting in brief and accessible way .
Understanding financial statements and knowing how to analyze a companies perfor
Wharton like always comes up with the best Quality of Study Material including V
Professior successfully remind the principle of accounting for me in a easy way.
Lectures are very clear and precise. Animations makes the lectures interesting.
Weeks 3 and 4 get complicated but overall thorough course. Great for beginners.
good topic, match with beginner level to understand the Finance and Accounting.
An amazing experience and a must for any entry level learning about accounting.
Absolutely useful, easy to understand, very good explanation from the professor
Really helpful course! Very grateful to Prof Brian Bushee, Wharton & Coursera.
Thanks Professor Bushee for making Financial Accounting fun and easy to learn!
All concepts are clear to follow. I especially like the teaching style. Thanks
Informative, clear, well-structured and challenging! Thanks professor Buschee!
Very informative to brush up the basics. The prof explains it very effectively
This course is a must for anyone who wants to build a solid base in accounting
Fantastic course and teacher. He really made the learning meaningful and fun.
This course is designed to teach every individual the concepts of accounting.
Tough course, but totally worth it. I definitely learned a lot with this one.
It Was very interesting and meaningful experience. Thank you for this course!
Very clear structure. Only the graded quizs can't be graded before purchasing
I want to say Prof. Bryan Bushee is a Guru. I call him Guru. He is excellent.
Financial accounting made easy and fun! Covers all the basics of accounting.
Clearly explained with some fun animations in between to keep our attention.
Learned so much more here than my actual accounting professor ever taught me
Terrific videos and corresponding materials. Professor made the lessons fun.
Professor Bushee is very funny and does a great job explaining the material.
Excellent instruction and overview of accounting practices.  Very enjoyable.
very informative course that covers a wide range of topics in a short time.
Very helpful and the class video is really interesting. Thanks for helping.
I love this course. The material and substance of the course are excellent.
This helps a lot with school and if you don't have just email the professor
Great course. simply great. Please do this course to understand accounting.
Loved this course, the professor, the pace, and even the other "students"!
This course is very important for me to begin to learn the Finance theory.
Putting virtual students was a very creative and a helpful way of teaching
Great professor makes a difficult subject to teach a enjoyable experience.
Excellent presentation. Almost "real world" interactive, even with games.
awesome teacher. funny and simple. i loved the course. kudos to Mr brian.
Very amazing lesson with a simple explanation and some useful highlights.
really good experience, got to learn an entirely new subject in a fun way
One of the most effective courses on course sera for financial accounting
Great course for anyone looking to clear the concepts of debit and credit
Excellent course and Virtual class adds an extra interest in this course
Great course--professor really did tried to make it interesting and fun.
Professor Brian Bushee is an incredible teacher. He made the course fun.
Very useful and the professor can traslate complex things into easy one.
Mr. Bushee does a stellar job of teaching the course. Very high quality.
This course helps me understand learn more about financial accounting .
The professor’s humor definitely made this course fun, would recommend!
Very interesting of interactive with the visual students. Really Enjoy!
really good course，very easy to understand. The professor is brilliant！
Very good and interesting with essential contents for basic accounting
Great course for reviewing what I had learned during my college years.
Abstract and complex issues have been explained in a simplified manner
Excellent Information and methodology for non accounting professionals
The course provides me a systematic knowledge structure on accounting.
I loved the class so much! Thank you for such a great course for free!
Clear, interesting, fun, smart and very useful to me. Bravo Mr. Bushee
It would be helpful to explain the results of the exam after passing.
the instructor is very nice I enjoyed this course thank you coursera.
a great professor that makes a boring subject like that even funny...
Really this course includes impressive content, I'm thankful for that
A course for strong foundation. Well explained by Prof. Brain Bushee.
excellent course. I think that all accounting staff should take it !!
Good course ,specially for those who didn't study  accounting before.
Very well explained, funny characters, simple and effective examples.
Professor Bushee is very thorough in explaining accounting concepts.
was very useful, simple and must to take for beginners and not only.
excellent class to get the basis on accounting; very interactive too
It was the best accounting course I've ever watched. Thanks A lot!!!
Great focus in the main tools for Financial Accounting undertanding.
Really enjoyed the content and instruction.  This was a great course
Great course, the basic accounting concepts are very well explained
great time learning something which I believed is impossible for me
Fantastic flow of contents, very useful, exam and quizzes are fair!
It's very good course for basic foundation of financial accounting.
Excellent professor. I wish I could've had him for class in person.
Quite difficult but once you get the hang of it It becomes worth it
The method of teaching helps us understand even difficult concepts.
Professor B. has been very clear. I liked his examples. Well done!
Great sessions! Thank you to make this complicated subject amazing
Really good and helpful for people with non accounting background.
Excellent introductory course. Simply laid out and easy to follow.
All The Basic terms are broadly explained with examples.Excellent.
BUSHEE! Your virtul students are pretty good! like very much !!!!!
Well put together, easy to follow - could use more excel practice
This professor knows how to entertain the audience. Great course!
This course was outstanding. The professor's jokes are hilarious.
this was a great course. Very dynamic  teacher with real examples
Funny, Easy-understanding and Inspiring Course for a new learner!
Very impressive explanation to the basics of financial accounting
The course is very easy to understand. The professor is amazing!
Exceptional content. The professor is fantastic at what he does.
Great course! Value-packed introduction to financial accounting!
Highly recommended to all non-financial specialists and managers
The lecturer is very engaging and he delivered the content well.
It is an excellent introductory course for financial accounting!
Very clear course. Excellent material and rhythm to the lessons.
This was very hard for me but the instructor made it enjoyable.
Very good teacher with understandable problem-solving examples.
Excellent course. Quizzes were a bit tough but still enjoyable.
Very good course. Information is presented in an enjoyable way!
Great teaching method, sense of humor and interesting content!
Perfect course to get an introduction to the accounting world.
useful course, helped me to prepare for more advanced courses!
Very Informative, Well constructed Lectures and easy to grasp.
One of the best course to understand the basics of Accounting!
haha, really interesting and cute classmates, wonderful course
Interesting course, great teacher and encouraging environment!
Great course! Prof. Bushee will keep you engaged and learning.
Detailed examples helped me to learn this course efficiently.
need sometime to understand the concept but definitely useful
Great Course! I learned  a ton!! I would highly recommend it.
I thought this was an excellent introduction into accounting.
Simply superb! Great teaching and adorable sense of humor :)
improved my knowledge with regard to this field of business.
Amazing teaching - very interactive with some good dad humor
Most difficult but most interesting, I love you professor :D
Useful to convey basic understanding of financial statements
Very helpful in better understanding of Finantial accounting
Wonderful teaching and effort put in by the course convener
learned what you can only get from an accounting professor!
What an awesome professor!!  I should have gone to Wharton!
really enjoyed this course.  The professor was truly great!
thanks！it's very useful. i‘ve learned much from this class～
pretty difficult topics, taught simply, much appreciated!!!
Clear explanations, useful examples of real cases scenarios
Great course to polish a fundamental concepts of Accounting
Very rich and complete course with plenty of case studies !
Prof. Brian is amazing! And the virtual students of course!
Great course! Professor Bushee communicates the topic well.
The best course taught by the best professor in the world!
Very informative course for beginners. highly recommended!
Absolutely fantastic. Intuitive and fun, best course ever!
Very informative and appropriately paced. I learned a lot!
very well explained course. big fan of Prof. Brian Bushee
Excellent Course, Wonderful way of explaining the subject
It was a great experience in the field I'm interesting in
It was an excellent reviewing course for me. Many thanks.
Basic knowledge! People should learn this in high school!
I am so happy that after a couple of trials, I passed it!
Great. Easy to follow along course. Absolutely recommend.
Very helpful and well taught primer course on accounting.
Very useful class for person not from accounting to start
I really like this course. The cases are so interesting.
Professor Brian is excellent ! This is very good course!
Excellent professor. Material used was extremely useful.
Very thorough and great applications of course material.
Great beginner course to get up to speed in accounting.
This is the best, easiest way accounting can be taught!
Thanks! A very useful course and a really good teacher!
Thank you teacher :) The best course I've ever attended
Excellent professor - engaging and pretty good sessions
my id should appear as christopher laurence nyabulegesi
VERY GOOD, I learnt a lot from it. Thank you very much.
Amazing course, I like the style of teaching very much!
This was really an excellent course. Really helped me.
Very Thorough Class, much more detail than I expected.
Amazing, and Entertaining. Makes me want to repeat it!
well structured material, principles presented clearly
Explains the details of accounting with great examples
I am a big fan of Brain Bushee. He is a great teacher.
Great course.  Kept me engaged and was well delivered.
The course is very clear and dynamic! Great professor!
Excelent Course, very helpful to understand accounting
Challenging but worthwhile introduction to accounting
A very nice and informative course... Helped me a lot
Great class!  the virtual students were a nice touch.
Excellent teaching style and nice interactive videos.
I learned the basic of accounting solidly, I hope ;)
Great course. Wonderful instruction by Prof. Bushee!
Incredible Instructor, he was very clear and concise
The best financial accounting introduction course :)
Wonderful coursework!adaptive and elevated learning.
Very good introduction, with exercises and examples.
Just Amazing, detailed yet simple and comprehensive.
Great course, informative and entertaining (no joke)
Cleared Balance sheet terms, key concept and basics.
useful class and very good design. Thanks very much
Such an amazing teacher and very intersting course.
Great content, insightful and practical information
Learned basic understanding to financial statements
This one was a long but thorough.  Quite difficult.
Very good content. It was a broken paradigm for me!
Fantastic course! Fantastic Professor :)Hokey Pokey
The professor is very humorous. Interesting course!
Gave me a firm understanding of accounting basics.
Great and fun classes with Professor Brian Bushee!
Excellent course. I learnt a lot from this course.
A very handy course to get your accounting basics.
It's a good Accounting Course for non-Accountants.
BEST COURSE WITH AWESOME SIR MADE IT LOOK SO EASY
Best course for learning the basics of accounting
I like the teaching style and the vital students.
This is a hard course, but it's also interesting.
I liked the cartoon students, that really helped.
Well drafted course and covers topics extensively
Great course. Challeging quiz. Interesting video.
Great professor. Very good videos of the course.
so deep i thought i would get an M.sc in account
Well taught course. Very enthusiastic professor.
The best Accounting course I have ever learned!!
Very comprehensive and detailed - It's not easy!
makes accounting so much easier to understand !
Such a great course, very detailed explanation.
Greate teacher, greate content, very practical.
Very helpful course Good syllabus and materials
Easy to understand and very informative course.
Very helpful and makes tough stuff interesting!
very nice, funny and knowledgeable professor!!
very good base accounting knowledge! I love it
Excellent course. Enjoyed every bit of it.....
Very practical lessons and humorous professor
Great introduction to many of these concepts!
Great course and one of the best instructors.
I barely passed this course but it was great!
I got a very good understanding of the course
very funny professor for a pretty dry subject
Very Organized Content, and Great Professor!
Witty and knowledgeable lectures. Enjoyable!
Excellent I've learnt alot from this course.
The course is very helpful and fun to watch!
Excellent course,  much to learn.  Thank you
a very best experiece related to the course.
Excellent!  Dr. Bushee made accounting fun.
Amazing course!! Had a great time doing it!
Excellent Material for absolute beginners .
Great course and awesome work by Prof.Brian
A very good Introduction to Accounting. The
Great teaching style - Brian youre amazing!
Great introduction to financial accounting!
very well explained with ample of examples
Knowledge boosting and interactive course.
Just fantastic. The Professor is the best.
Very interesting! I like those cases part!
This is financial accounting made easy..:)
One of the best refresher courses for me!!
it was the best course i have ever done .
so much info and a truely good instructor
Excellent course and brilliant Professor!
Very Nice professor and very nice lessons
Great information, straight to the point.
Clear and engaging overview of accounting
easy to understand, with various examples
Great combination of theory and practice!
Amazing class, I love it. Great teacher!!
Thanks for excellent financial knowledge.
Best course on Coursera I've seen so far.
Very detailed and explanatory. I love it
Entertaining enough to learn. Thank you.
This was really amazing and i learn alot
Very fascinating lectures! Learnt a lot!
Great, in depth, yet simple explanations
I like the sense of humor in this course
I learn More Skill in Financial Sector.
nice classes  with a really fun teacher
Great class! Love the virtual students!
really good materials, engaging videos.
Decent University, excellent instructor
This course was run exceptionally well!
really funny, really enrichment course.
Very educative and easy to understand.
Thanks. I learned so many good things.
very impressive. thanks for professor.
fantastic course and prof, and videos!
Exceptional.. will recommend strongly.
Funny teacher, the class is engaging.
Great course and interesting examples
The professor's teaching is wonderful
hard but I enjoyed this one very much
Must have course to clear your fundas
Best course I have taken on Coursera!
Great profesor, material and material
Great course and nice animated teach.
Great course. Enthusiastic lecturer.
great teaching with lots of examples
Excellent course and really well run
Great job by professor Brian Bushee!
Thanks For Help Me To Study With You
Excellent Course! Highly recommended
Eye opening for me as an engineer :)
Really informative and good examples
Love the virtual class students! ;)
very good.It is helpful for my job!
Very thorough.   Clearly presented.
Tough, but thorough and very clear.
very informative and well explained
Great lectures!  Love the lessons.
Good intro to Financial Accounting
Honestly the best material around!
THANK YOU...THANK YOU .. THANK YOU
Basic class of accounting. Useful.
Great course, very fun experience
Very good course, I like the humo
Very good and interesting teacher
very informative and challenging
Clear, convincing, and humorous.
Concepts are explained very well
Learning with Fun. Great job !!!
Great Course, highly recommended
Very nice! Thanks to Pr. Bushee.
Best course I have taken so far.
very good course....very helpful
Brian did great on the lecture.
Professor Bushee is excellent!!
Intriguing and very informative
Great course & great professor!
This is the best professor ever
Fun introduction to Accounting!
Excellent course. Thanks a lot!
Great course, great case study.
Amazing course for Accounting.
Excellent course and materials
The professor was outstanding!
Very practical and insightful.
Awsome course .. Learned a lot
Hokey Pokey song on point haha
Best online course I ever take
Awesome course and instructor.
Informative and entertainment！
Great Explanation and content!
Great lecturer and funny too!
Challenging one and amazing!!
The course is very well made.
This course was really great.
Professor is excellent!!!!!!
I love the virtual students!
Thank you, Professor Bushee!
very useful and interesting.
Loved the animated students.
Outstanding! Really helpful!
I love the virtual students
4.4 no chineses translation
Absolutely fantastic course
Thanks to pr. Brian Bushee.
loved the indept concept !!
Great course. Thank you for
Great Course. systemically!
weird humor but nice course
Great course! Very helpful!
Thank You! Amazing Teacher
I truly enjoyed this class
Great and funny instructor
very short and informative
This course is really good
Interesting and well done!
Worth every penny of that!
Super helpful! Thank you!
Excellent way of teaching
great course for beginner
as per expectations!! :)
One of the best course!!
Thanks Professor Bushee!
Nice course!  Thank you.
Great class for beginner
Professor BB is awesome!
Prof Bushee is the best!
EASY AND QUICK TO LEARN
Brian is so funny!! lol
tough but great course!
THE COURSE IS EXCELLENT
The instructor is great
The best lecturer ever
Super helpful and fun!
I love this professor.
fun stuff (seriously!)
Very useful materials!
BEST CLASS IN COURSERA
Tough but really good
Really like the prof.
good taught structure
Brilliant Professor.
very cute professor!
Professor is superb.
Professor did an am
I like the pedagogy
Good learning place
Very Inspirational!
Very good learning.
very good courses.
worth to take it.
amazing courses!
Simply the best!
Great teacher!!
Really good one
Really good!!!
very beautiful
hard but worth
Great teacher.
thank coursera
very intutive
good, thanks!
Great One..!
Very clear
perfection
Brilliant.
very hard
Great !!!
