Horrible. Like all Wharton Courses massively shortened and in this case also extremely dumbed down from the initial installment by Allen (of Brealey Myers fame) after he left Wharton. Corporate Finance has here been more or less reduced to a quick superficial glance at time value of money and investment metrics. If you want to learn anything about Corporate Finance, this is absolutely the wrong course. In addition have the passing requirements also been reduced to kindergarten level, so that passing this course is of absolutely no value at all (no, I do not exaggerate, it is truly THAT bad). My candidate for the lowest level course on Coursera. This is really a disgrace for Wharton. Avoid at all cost.
I paid 82 USD for this course, in that much price the content is very little, and boring, and i had learnt not much from this course.
This course is not broad enough and does not cover many important aspects of corporate finance such as : cost of capital, risk management, corporate value creation...
The course was very difficult and confusing for me. The material did not match the quizzes. To input answers was a little tricky at times. I know it is an intro course but the info was too vague. There were not many opportunities to practice examples and such before quizzes. You may like this course, but for me, it took forever it seems and I did not get much out of it. Problem sets were missing and such. It is a good thing there are other sites online with help available or I do not think I would have ever gotten through this.
Giving 1 rating for course materials. Lecturer was not focused/sincere and blabber most of the sessions. He just reads the slides most of the time. Needs lot of improvement
extremely hard to grasp and no ability to get support. I am forced to stop using this coarse and move on to another to prevent me from slowing down my progress.
It should be called intro to financial maths not corporate finance
Need upgrade to take the Quiz? Total Ridiculous!
Redundant to have a lecturer in this course when all he does is read from the slides. Very limited coverage apart from NPV, lack of practical examples, ridiculously easy quizzes that anybody could pass without paying much attention to the video lectures. Disappointing from Wharton as opposed to the rest of the courses in this business specialization that they offer.
I'm not sure about this, but is the course incomplete? I heard the Prof mentioning that he would go into cost of capital but the last video lecture ended with return on investments. Rather strange. Explanations were rather short and it was rather difficult to follow how the formulae worked. Perhaps the content needs to be spaced out a little.
The subject material is fascinating but the method of presentation by the professor is extremely dry. I wish this course was more extensive like Dr. Schiller's Financial Markets course at Yale. He manages to bring to life complex financial concepts in a way that is both enlightening and fun.
The final exam has questions which are wrong (none of the selected answers are correct). The lecturers were notified in the forums but no action is taken (for a month). This is unacceptable for a paid course.The course itself is interesting and well structured.
The course is supposed to be aimed at beginners in corporate finance, yet as a beginner, I found it very hard to follow.
No alternative for me to understand where I went wrong after giving the test. Not enough examples.
Just focused in 1 issue: NPV. Not focusing in sensibility analysis
Far too brief.
money monster
Explanations are not good.
A lot of questions in the quizzes did not have correct answers, also it was difficult to work on my mistakes because there was no solutions or explanations provided if I marked an incorrect response in a quiz. This has made learning from mistakes an uneasy task.
Not a bad class, but there is room for improvement. I wouldn't say don't take this course, but if you're not doing it as part of the Business Foundation Specialization I'd recommend that, prior to enrolling, you look into other finance classes to be sure you're getting the most for your time and money. These are my thoughts about the course's strengths, weaknesses, and things to know before signing up:Strengths: Professor Roberts does a great job explaining the basics of finance (time value of money and interest) and offers thoughtful insight into what the tools of corporate finance can (and can not) accomplish. Weaknesses: The course does not touch on all of the things that are mentioned in the description. The later lectures feel a bit rushed and are difficult to grasp without some background knowledge of accounting and finance terminology. There are few practical examples provided in the lectures; practical examples are included in the quizzes, but there are no corresponding explanations. Things to know before enrolling: This course is fairly equation heavy and requires a basic knowledge of algebra. If you're someone who doesn't find mathematical explanations to be intuitive or wants a more contextual understanding of the course concepts, you'll likely have to research on your own (I found Investopedia to be helpful here). There is also a lot of accounting terminology thrown around (e,g, NOPAT, depreciation, CapEx) with little explanation, and it is difficult to follow if you don't have a prior understanding of these items.
I would say overall it was a good course. However the lecture often didnt give the information needed to complete the quiz. I would find myself doing the quizzes multiple times because there wasnt enough information to complete the quiz The lecure would say one thing but in my opion it didnt translate over to the quiz. It took twice as long for me to complete then it should have.
Very high level and brief explanations. Several parts seem to be missing (e.g. Problem Sets 5, 8 and 10-13 are missing and the Prof says that the next video will be about Cost of Capital although this video is the last one in the course and there are no other videos). Rather disappointed and do not feel that I have a clear understanding of Corporate Finance.
The course covers only the very basics of corporate finance.It doesn't touch on such important topics as CAPM, WACC, etc.If anyone is interested in learning more about corporate finance, I highly reccomend to take one offered by University of Illionois Urbana Champaign.
The course finished before it had really got started, and I didn't learn much about corporate finance. The Introduction to Accounting Course covers more Corporate Finance topics than the actual Corporate Finance course! Perhaps a lot of content has been cut?
1- Simplify explanation2- Do not repeat information (recap)3- Specify what type of numbers you accept 100,000,000.00 or 100.00 for the answers4- at the end of the week provide key/ ideal answers
The explanations are too fast and the example are nothing like the ones of the quiz, I like better Introduction to Financial Account. Sorry that's why I put the 2 stars.
Felt incomplete and rushed. Seemed like there was more material that wasn't being shared and assumed quite a lot of knowledge of finance concepts for an intro course.
too introductory. I thought it would deepen much more in Financial Concepts such as EVA, ROE, ROIC, EBITDA, EBITDAX, TAX BURDEN, etc.
Disappointing. Useful and you will learn something but gaps inbetween the lectures and quizzes that are unsatisfying.
Enough Formulas aren't presentedSome formulas are made complicated, while there are alternate and better formulas
Examples and discussion were not relevant to quizzes. Would have preferred to have more quantitative practice.
no available explanation of problem sets makes "learning"/full understanding frustrating to impossible
Seriously, stop locking assignments for students. Money has a time value, remember?
Weeks 1 and 2 great. Weeks 3 and 4 were a complete disaster.
The course need easier and smoother examples
Only basics have been discussed....
3 stars just for the Instructor because he is very good and knows his ways around the topic and how to explain it. As for content, First and Second week went of good, but then in 3rd week many terms were skipped and went too fast especially the tablet case study. Again in 4th week More time should have been given to sensitivity analysis. As the topic says INTRODUCTION to Corporate Finance, it actually just touches the topics and leaves and no detailed learning is present. I hope more on sensitivity be added in the course.
Although I thoroughly enjoyed this course, there is a lot of content in here that is assumed knowledge (i.e. types of corporate finance) and a lot of the explanations in this are given in terms of the mathematical equation and not in terms of its general context. For example, I learnt a lot more researching NPV and IRR independently on Google than what I did in this course. This is not to say the course isn't good - it provides an apt outline of what corporate finance can involve, however I think it would be more beneficial if the course was spread out over more weeks and with more detail (you can tell this is a condensed version from the fact that some quiz sets are missing).
I thought the lecturer was very clear and concise and  the presented content was useful and easy to digest. The problem sets provided great practice in applying the concepts. What's covered here is well worth learning. But I was disappointed to find that the course content was incomplete and did not cover many of the key concepts as outlined in the course description.
A bit short in my opinion but good depth, needs more practical excercise
Pretty dry. Errors with Quiz for week 4.
Don't attempt this course without at least a basic knowledge of corporate and finance terminology, basic algebra, and the algebraic order of operations.The material is covered far too quickly for an actual beginner in the field to keep pace.Although few in number, the questions on the quizzes generally required computations (rather than answering multiple choice questions).  The passing scores for the quizzes was lower than any other course I have taken.There is no specific feedback given for incorrect answers on any of the quizzes (which is not unique to this course).  The professor is very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject.  I just wish that the course description had been more candid about the range of information a student should have before enrolling in it.
Learn some things about the finances of companies in general, especially if you're one to take on new project instead of established companies.  Questions on quizzes sometimes weren't worded correctly and, in comparison to the operations management course, can be misled to what the question is asking.  For example, there was a question on module 4 that asked for the free cash flow but didn't establish the specifics of the cost.  Was it accrued from the initial investment or not?  Had to retake to play out the scenarios to get the correct answer on a component.  Also, quizzes could have been more thorough.  But I did learn quite a bit about how companies make decisions.
Although this is a very interesting course, covering a multitude of topics that are really useful for both corporate and personal finance, I think it needs polishing in terms of its execution. The teaching is not quite engaging, mostly repeating everything his lecture slides contain, and some concepts could use further explaining, considering this is an introductory course.Still, I think it is really useful if you have taken another course in Corporate Finance and need some refreshing on your knowledge. I think it is not the best for an introductory course on the topic, but still offers much within its 4 weeks.
This is simply too frustrating. I'm not a mathematician, and in this course you get formulas thrown at you that are not for the willing, for the motivated, but only for the guys with a serious talent for maths. Plus I'm not getting the impression that this is about general questions about corporate finance, but more about how to calculate the exact FV, PV, EAR, APR, NCF and so on. I also think there are too many abbreviations here. I decided to drop out of this course and to forget about finishing the Business Specialization, which is a shame, but this is really too demotivating.
Though useful but the questions and tests are truly too easy to get through. The teacher could make the lesson more vivid and better organized. You see the neighboring Mr. Bushee makes the accounting class more attractive. Moreover, I highly recommend Finance for Non-Finance Professionals from Rice University which is closer to business practice.As for Mr. Robert, I can feel you are very professional with solid finance and investment knowledge, and also handsome. However you are more like a banker rather a professor that shall more interactive with students.
I had a really hard time with this class. The professor seemed very nice but it would have been helpful to have more sample problems with more examples of which formulas to use and how to fill them out with the given data. Several of the quizzes had typos in the questions and a few didn't have the correct answer available as an option in the multiple choice at all (confirmed by the discussion group - it wasn't just me). Overall, I learned some things but I feel like there could have been more real world examples and the lessons could have been more clear.
I felt a little rushed and sometimes had the feeling of just getting formulas thrown at me. I am usually very interested in Finance but the Prof made it a little monotone. This is probably due to the fact that he seemingly recorded all the lecture videos in one go without a day break, which resulted in some difficulties to communicate a sophisticated field as such. Other than that, I think the introduction is a great preparation for attending a business school, which is the case for me, giving me some insights and knowledge of the expected topics.
Though the content is informative, the teaching method was neither engaging nor interesting unlike the "introduction to financial accounting" course. Also, I was uncomfortable with the professor's way of writing things down (with a red market) on almost every slides, when those could have simply been part of the slide preparation. This slowed down the narrative pace and made the course less interesting to follow. Otherwise, I benefited from the course for the reason why i took this course; preparation for bschool.
Overall the course was well taught and the content was interesting. However, it would have been valuable to see the correct answers for quiz questions that were not answered correctly. If correct answers are not provided because of a concern that people would write them down and then retake the quiz, I understand, but I think this could be mitigated by only showing the correct answers after you have passed the quiz. I think I could have learned a bit more if this were the case.
informative, ground-level education in basic finance theorem. however, be aware that this is a rush-through synopsis of some very basic ideas with minimal feedback from very busy faculty staff from one of the most prestigious educational facilities in the world. i.e. don't expect a thorough explanation of these concepts, and don't expect ANY support. With that said, i have enjoyed myself immensely. Wish i could afford to get myself over to U Penn!
Nice Course, however i did the same one last year and tests now are much easier, also the load work did reduce dramatically.The previous version of the course was hard work ,but definitely you could learn more. A university like Wharford should not lower the standard of their exams or of their courses to accomodate larger audience, or make more money. If people do a Whatford course, even if it's an online one  they need to accept the challenge.
After completing accountingI just jump into Finance course. Compared to accounting session, this course session does not pause to the places where students might have confusions, which might be a disadvantage. The professor illustrate most of concepts clearly, though.As for the exam questions, seems to simplified and only cover, I guess, 30% of the course content. There are a lot of concepts can be given as harder questions for exam, imo.
Overall the class was very informative. Sometimes the quizzes were frustrating because of the input method for answers. For example, if you have a question dealing with millions of dollars the answer will say express it in millions of dollars but it's not clear if you should write it out numerically (5000000 or simply 5) It can cause you to miss questions that you have the correct answer to.
Very passionate instructor with clear teaching, but the course lacked depth. Quizzes were too easy and could have been completed without viewing the lectures. Seems that the original course was longer and had more content but was trimmed down. The tablet case felt very rushed, and no content covered in it was necessary for the quizzes. However, it still should have been explained better.
Course was good. Overall Lectures were good and easy to understand. However i feel coures needs to improve on following points:1) Course was shallow and lacked depth. Industry wide examples on ROI, Decision criteria would have been interesting2) Assignments / Quizzes were very easy and hence less challenging3) No additional reading material such as good books, extracts, etc
Great teacher, engaging and interesting. Course clear and well structured.But the course content is far too limited, and toward the end of the course, the most interesting topics discussed in the videos are not evaluated through quiz / exam. I don't think many student can claim that they have a good understanding of those topics.
The quizzes were way too difficult! I had no problem following along and getting the correct answers during the lectures, but when it came to the quizzes I kept getting the wrong answer. Perhaps an issue with rounding? It would be helpful to have more opportunities to practice before going straight into quizzes.
I think the Week 3 portion was not effective. It could have been more clear like Week 2 & 1Since it covered some major concepts, I found it difficult in following week 4 as well. Which basically affected by quiz scores. It would be great if we could get final answers alone, if not for complete solution.
Overall I would say I didn't learn much from this course. I found Week 1 most interesting and helpful. After Week 2, I found it difficult to understand the content being taught and to be engaged.However, the formulas I learnt will definitely help me in the future personally as well as professionally.
I enjoyed the course. However there were some portions of the course, mostly  during Week 3 which moved along too quickly. I would have liked for the course to have spent more time in process involved in determining the Free Cash Flows.   Overall, I was able to add a feather to my cap.
While the course was informative, I find it lacking in the amount of example problems the instructor solved.  Due to the lack of example problems and the unavailability of solutions for the quiz questions, it is difficult to figure out the right way to approach and answer questions.
The course is pretty good and professor gives instructive lessons. However, in my opinion, 4 weeks of courses are relatively short and the content can be broaden to some degree. Anyway, it can be used as finance foundation course. I like it very much personally.
Excel training on financial should be an integral part of this course. Otherwise, the assignments are impossible to complete.  It took me 200% more time to figure out the calculations; which was more complicated than learning the lessons from the professor.
Course should have covered more topics like cost to capital. More practice material on Decision making with DCF, Sensitivity Analysis and ROI would have been beneficial. But whatever was taught by Prof. Michael was good enough for starters.
Good course overall. Some videos were far too long (15+ mins). Too much time spent on manipulating data in Excel and not enough on explaining concepts. Data sheets are distracting and turn most people off when displayed for too long.
The overall course is interesting, however it is my belief that the course lacks structure.The materials for each week do not seem to have any obvious relationship with each other. Also, the weekly content could have been more broad.
Very shallow introduction; way too much focus on calculating some numbers with easy equations using a calculator; on this level it doesn't matter to crunch numbers, focus should be on understanding general concepts.
No one responds to questions in the forums. For a math-heavy course, there are too many errors in the module to not have response ready. Also, the course does not situate the theory to a broader context.
Good coursegood quality videosWould be better if terminology and vocabulary specific to the course was more focused on at some point in the course. Or provide a vocabulary list with definitions
Enjoyed and easily understood weeks 1 and 2. Weeks 3 and 4 moved quite quickly and would have liked to have seen more examples and a slower pace to really understand the material.
That's a little bit of a pity that so interesting material got a bit went over so quickly. I think there's so much thing in there that hasn't been explained
I knew A BUNCH of this stuff already and I've never taken a finance class. They give a good overview, but definitely does not go in depth on anything
Much less content than a previous version, lack of answers after solving the assignments  does not help to understand where a mistake was made.
The professor doesn't really go into much detail. Feels like he rushes the course, but the information he does provide is helpful.
Content was great - videos were super helpful, but the lessons and test didn't give the opportunity to really learn the material
I liked very  much this course, in my opinion from the middle of the course went a little bit down but well explained!
Videos are very good, and course structure too.Slides may be a bit more detailed and accurate.great value overall.
It was much less explanatory to those new to the subject. Intro to Accounting by Brian Bushee was much better!
Good content, manageable workload. Weak delivery. Videos come off like rough drafts. Professor had errors in
Many Concepts like CAPM. Cost of capital etc. are missing. Please put up the whole of the course. Regards.
Good beginner course on corporate finance , which can be understood well if we know bit of accounting
A little suggestion is you can use Excel to solve the problem and it will be a lot quicker.
Good introduction to the concepts. I guess I knew already a bit on the topic, and would ha
Quiz was way too easy and clearly very lazily written. Doesn't really test any knowledge.
a bit too short and too simple for this specialization. But otherwise concise and clear
Gave less practice as compared to other courses and didn't explain concepts in detail.
Seems incomplete. At the end of the last lecture he talks about viewing another topic
Plenty of maths and formulas but very few theory behind those calculations.
Very short course. Could have easily covered few more relevant topics.
It's okay.. but just too little information.. I was expecting more..
Too theoretical, less practical. Where is the rest of the course?
The course is ok, maybe need a little bit more of explanation
The basics to few things weren't covered. Rest all was good!
Bit long and not the expected level from Wharton
In my opinion is too focus on mathematics.
Learnt well from a global university ;)
Good refresher.  Quizzes need feedback.
it was informative but very difficult
more explanation for exercise
Missing one week of content!
Overall I liked this course and thought the professor did a great job explaining things. I got a little lost on 3rd/4th week (felt like the pace changed quite a bit) but appreciated that the quizzes reflected the true basics of the content covered (no tricks that discouraged you!).
I don't have a finance background so this course has opened my eyes to the world of corporate finance.I like how well-thought-out Prof Michael is in designing the course in which all topics flow nicely from week 1 to week 4 and how each concept introduced is interdependent to create a solid financial analysis that people can use to determine the valuation of a project or an investment. However, I'd have rated this course 5 stars, had there been more quizzes, hands-on assignments or final exams that require students to use tools and concepts learned to forecast cash flows and figure out the valuation by themselves. I'm a hands-on learner and although I got 100% from this course I'm not certain I actually understood everything and that I could go out in the real world and start doing some mini financial analysis.Overall, it's a good introductory course and Prof. Michael's pace of explanation is nice. I'd recommend people who want to know the basics of corporate finance take this course only after Accounting course to understand the terms used in the course better.
Very useful. Prof. Roberts explained the concepts very lucidly.In module-3, 4 I felt as if some lectures were skipped from the original sequence. For e.g. in the end of 4.1 - Return on Investment, the Prof tells that next lecture will be about cost of capital but 4.2 is Sensitivity Analysis. Similarly at the end of 3.3 - Forecasting Free Cash Flow we are told that the next lecture will discuss decision criteria but 4.1 is Return on Investment starts by stating that last lecture discussed sensitivity analysis. I rechecked the sequence of the lectures from the Coursera so to me it seems some videos are missed somewhere.Thank you for a wonderful learning experience.
Well taught, practical approach, good example and quiz problems.  Overall sort of a minimalist coverage of the topic, but those who don't need an overly in-depth coverage of material will appreciate this.  The presented concepts are necessary for basic understanding of business decisions but with this foundation you are prepared to learn much more.  The course could benefit from additional real-life examples and concepts from financial decision making.  A previous version of the course included discussions about leverage and involvement of financial institutions in project funding.  A project with scenario analysis would be enlightening.
Prof. Roberts starts off really well with the 1st two weeks, covering Time Value of Money, Discounting & Compounding, Shortcuts for Annuities & Perpetuities, APR & EAR, Term Structure and leading into the 3rd week with Decision Making with NPV, IRR, and Payback period. However, I found it a bit complex to understand some of the Tablet case spreadsheet explanations. It, all of a sudden, felt a bit overwhelming relative to the topics covered earlier. The discussions on Sensitivity Analysis could perhaps use simpler examples like those in Week 4 to explain Comparative Statics and Break Even Analysis. A great course, nevertheless.
The videos were well put together.  The teaching style is easy to follow.  A few tweaks to the course and the quizzes will make it a bit more interesting and challenging.  The professor could ask more hypothetical questions  during the lectures that regular students in his classes or online discussion forums ask.  There could be more quizzes and more questions in each quiz.  The very rigid format in answering questions is honestly a bit cumbersome and confusing.  Instead multiple choices can be given to take the formatting out of the equation.  Lack of active mentorship is a downside that needs to be corrected.
I love the course. It gives a great focus on one major focus in finance and that is the DCF/Time Value of Money. The course really serves as a great and very well rounded introduction to the use of that tool in practice, which in turn serves as a platform through which more complex concepts can be built. My only reservation is that the course in sessions prior had more challenging problem sets. Fortunately, I downloaded them all, but I feel as though maybe a few more assignments wouldn't hurt. But in the sessions prior, it was overwhelming how much there was! So I understand the rationale!
It is a concise course which gives a good intro to the topic. I love the fact the course teaches you to think of Finance as a real world topic, not just numbers on a spreadsheet thus making it more exciting and useful. I'd recommend to include more practice materials. The other thing is, I understand students are encouraged to learn together, but some times there are conflicting opinions and it would be good to have the input of the lecturer to resolve any misunderstandings. Students are enthusiastic and want to help each other but obviously not always can answer everything clearly.
This course provides an excellent intro to corporate finance, and does a superb job covering all the basics in a clear an succinct fashion.  I felt the transition in content from time value of money to financial instruments, such as bonds, was a bit jarring, abruptly leaving the student to grasp (or fail to grasp) the intuitive connection between the two topics.  While I generally like the brevity of the material, some topics will require the student to seek supplemental education, from sources like Investopedia.
The course is excellent.  I only finished it with more interest and questions, which I think is a good sign.  Since the problem sets are not multiple choice, they are excellent learning tools and demand a firm grasp of the material and prior practice with the formulas.  My one constructive criticism would be that there are no explanations for the problems.  When I had a wrong answer in the problem sets, there was no good way to troubleshoot and correct my response.  The message board Q&A did not help enough.
Good explanations to key concepts in corporate finance. However, explanations for problems were nonexistent (the forums provided some help, but "official" answers would be better. Additionally, as it is a numbers situation, more problems to practice on (e.g. non-quiz problems) would be an improvement. Finally, it was difficult to know where in my "trunk" of knowledge this new "limb." Overall helpful, but probably more worthwhile if paired with other related classes (I'm now enrolled in financial accounting).
It looks like a new course which needs a lot of work. It would be difficult to follow if you don't have any business education and a basic understanding of accounting. The instructor covers tons of materials in a very short amount of time so be prepared to write things done. The quizzes are buggy with errors and I hope the admin will fix the issue soon. Plus, the quiz the entirely mathematical with no regard to the concept we learned in the videos.  I passed the quiz 3 without watching the materials at all.
Please find a way to post the quiz answers. As a professor of engineering myself, I understand cheating is practiced among students, but to try to prevent it at the cost of the mostly other, honest students' learning experience is unfair. There needs to be more explanation of how to input values correctly into the blanks on the quizzes. I believe I had most all of the answers correct, however those I did not receive credit for were likely mostly due to error in numerical format.
I found this course to have a lot of relevant and useful information which gave me a basic understanding of corporate finance. The downside is that much of the maths needed to complete the quizzes is assumed knowledge and is not explained during lectures, so for some people it will be necessary to first learn how to perform algebra. At times, the quizzes also required information to complete them that was beyond the scope of the lectures they referred to.
This is a pretty good introduction or refresher for very basic concepts in Corp Finance. The lectures and slides were very clear and organized, but it was frustrating to not have answers or explanations for the problem sets (aside from forum discussions), and I don't think there were enough practice problems overall. It takes a lot of practice to really nail down the concepts, and 4-5 short questions per week is not enough.
Great course. I did not give it a 5 star because it was not as easy to follow as some of the other business courses I've taken on Coursera. This is probably because Corporate Finance is hard to explain in simple words inherently. However, if you do take the course, stick with it till the end. The first couple weeks will change the way you look at money. I found week 4 to be quite entertaining and informative.
Its a great experience carrying out this course with such great tutors. very nice explanations given in class and in a very understandable manner. but there is a suggestion that i want to give that is more questions should be solved in the class so that it becomes more easy for the students to understand the course and go through the problem sets.Thank You.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course though sometimes keeping up to pace with the professor proved a little difficult, especially for someone whose last finance course was back in 1999. This course has helped me understand stocks, commodities and investment banking. Thank you very much. I've just enrolled into my third course with Wharton.
great lecturer great course, the lecturer's enthusiasm is infectious. I am a structural engineering intern and i look forward to understanding and learning more about corp fin. Improvements: EXCEL based questions would be extremely useful to improve computer skills in work place. More questions as well. 4 per week isnt enough :)
Good instructor, but he moves fast!!!  I wish there were some reading assignments (even just a couple of pages) so that the content sinks in better.  Wouldn't recommend this course to anyone who doesn't have basic math concepts down. Great for those professionals in the corporate world who just want to understand the "lingo."
It gives a good introduction. However, application of these concepts is what we need to do to learn the concepts. I feel there needs to be Excel-based problems, more detailed to firm up the concepts. You can make these questions optional. But actually building the models in Excel is will will make the students learn
Very infomrativ. Did a great job of presenting real world cases and discussing the advantages and disadvantages of NPV and IRR. I feel like I understood the DCF and FCF concepts pretty quickly and wish we could have delved deeper into the full project analysis and sensitivity analysis presented in the spreadsheet.
While the course was satisfactory as a whole, it felt like it lacked breadth compared to the other courses in the specialization. Was very light and could be completed easily. But the topics explored were done very well great job by Prof Roberts in making it so student friendly and understandable for everyone!
Very well taught by the professor. He was enthusiastic and told us many real-life examples. Although, I would like it if the course were a little more lucid to those entering the finance world with an empty slate. However, overall a wonderful course and would definitely recommend it. Thanks professor Roberts!
It is super helpful to know the general idea of the corporate finance by taking the course. While the course provides extending books to read for the subject, nothing is really in depth within the lectures. And I think it would be helpful for lots of people if the course provided explanation of quiz answers.
Lecturers give clear explanation in every topic. They also give examples on how to use the formulas. There are additional quizzes for practice as well. The graded quizzes assess the participant not only in theory, but also in application. Mentor replies the questions clearly in the discussion forum.
The course was really good: illustrative and clearly delivered explanations, comprehensible visualizations. Though, it looks like the old course being edited with some of the topics removed. I.e. some other topics might have been useful as well of introduction. Still, the present material is great.
This course was good for a basic understanding of terms and everyday calculations, but mastery is hard to achieve since the tests only have 4 questions, and I never really mastered the algebra that is needed to go along with this course. Failure of my high school teachers, not this course's fault.
I like the course since the basic concept is concise and clear.The review for every lesson highlights the essence of the class and the professor simplified the class by giving enough examples.I will enjoy the class better if the exams are more challenge and more related to the professor's lecture.
I've learned a lot and am now more aware of some technical aspects of finance. I was however expecting more general knowledge (more like a beginner's class) rather than tool to use on an everyday basis.At the end it does become quite a bit hard to follow and agregate all the formulas together.
Material was interesting and engaging. Sometimes the professor skips over material assuming the learner to understand where he is coming from and uses terms without defining them. Could be improved with more examples and more practice so it is not so abstract, especially in the last module.
Great, informative class that I felt as though I learned a lot of theoretical and practical applications. My only criticism is that the problem sets were short and did not test the concepts in much depth and when an answer was incorrect, did not receive any feedback regarding why
The content of this course is very useful and you get to know many knowledgeable tools of finance in corporate worlds and investment banks. I personally feel if the explanation was more inclusive and easy, it would have eliminated confusions and time consumption.
Useful tool, though I think we need to extend the length of the course or combine this course with Financial Accounting. Financial accounting is a basis for corporate finance, however without the real application of financial accounting, that course is so boring.
The last week was very exciting and I was expecting to see more complex problems in the quiz but unfortunately quiz isnt very challenging. The same is true for all the quiz. It would be great to have addition optional advance quiz like "honors optional"
The course is named appropriately as it only gives an introduction and not a detailed view. But there is only one course about finance in this specialization, therefore it could be made more rigorous to cover-up for the lack of advanced followup course.
It would be nice if the quiz has detailed solutions,  since you wouldn't know how you did that wrong at the end.  But the forum session is definitely helpful.    Week 4 material is kind of jumped too much from previous ones.  great course for beginner.
Having minimal financial background, this course helped me understand certain principles that i come across as a consultant in my day to day life. I would highly recommend this course for anyone who wants to understand the basics of DCF, NPV and IRR
I wish the sensitivity analysis and return of investment were followed with some more in depth excel teaching on how the examples results were generated. Furthermore I would have enjoyed some practical exercises associated to that topic as well.
Corporate finance is not one of my strengths and I find the material a bit dry at times, but with your clear explanations I passed all my problem sets with 100% (even if sometimes it required a second try and studying again). Thank you!
Very clear exposition of the material and pdf slides extremely helpful as a reference. Great build up from the initial basic subjects to the final ones on decision making. Very clear to understand and get the main concepts clearly.
Very good intro course, my only complaint is that the professor speaks fast and glosses over so so so many "why" questions. I have to pause, calculate, Google stuff and make sense of a lot of his conclusions without explanations.
I think this class was fairly difficult for people who haven't taken many higher level math classes before. I think there could have been a few more examples provided in the lecture notes that are similar to the Quiz questions.
Decent course.  The concepts were well explained.  The spreadsheet example with NPV, sensitivity, and scenarios was great.  However, I thought the content was generally lacking, specifically in practice problems and rigor.
The course is quite well defined and the faculty has illustrated good examples of different scenarios. The quizzes on this course are relatively less challenging compared to other course quizzes in this specialization.
The course material is nice but it would have been better if we were given the correct answers of the Problem set so that we can understand more about where we are going right and where we are going wrong.
Amazing, very lucid and crisp. Especially like the recap sections at the start and end of the videos. Quality of test questions is good, makes you work. Looking forward to more courses from Prof. Roberts.
I learned a lot of very important concepts and their hands on application in this course. The only thing required was probably some more reading recommendations to develop outside of this course as well.
It is a decent course with a great introduction to Corporate Finance. However, it would have been even better if it had a Final Exam in the end where it would recapitulate everything learned thus far.
I think it is better to have financial accounting course first before starting this course. I just feel the assignments are too less because some course contents are not covered in these questions.
Course was good to understand the overall concepts, however few terms like from where exactly the discount rates come from, concept of cost of capital, how the assumptions in values are made etc
This is a nice introductory course but it seems very light on material, especially what you are paying for. Believe it should be more thorough and cover more topics. Michael Roberts was great.
Enrolling for this course is one of  the best decisions i have ever made. Completely enjoyed and recommended for everyone who loves studying new things. Thank you Coursera & Wharton. Kudos!!!
I REALLY LOVED THIS COURSE. IN FACT I ASK THE MANAGEMENT TO PLEASE COME UP WITH MORE ADVANCED COURSES IN THIS AREA.ALSO, I REALLY LIKED THE WAY THE FACULTY HAS EXPLAINED THE CONCEPT. CHEERS!
Great course. A lot of material covered and totally new concepts for me. Some more examples or splitting lectures into more videos, would have seen me absorb even more. Thanks all the same.
Introduction to Corporate Finance is a good course to learn fundamentals
of finance and gain some knowledge on time value of money, risk-return trade-off,
cost of capital, interest rates.
An amazing course. Challenging enough, informative enough, in other words, just perfect! I only wish there were more exercises to practice. The problems given are definitely not enough.
Very Basic and short course. Interesting though. The professor seems to be new and is a bit conscious but he is good. Could be more deep and detailed like Accounting course by Wharton.
An amazing course for someone who is a beginner. The main idea for doing this was to get some idea about finance before joining business school since i am from a technical background
The first 2 modules and the last module was great. Third module can be made bit more interesting and easy to grasp for someone from non finance background. Overall a good course
It is very use full for me.and to improve my knowledge about finance.Now i know about some methods in finance like time value money,interest rates,etc. It good platform for me
The course got a little bit messy during the tablet period. Otherwise, the course is a solid course but, you need to keep brushing up the topics to take the maximum advantage.
Great course, would be helpful a bit more coaching for the quizs, would be nice to be able to review the wrong answers and understand what is the right reasoning to apply.
Good course but it would be better if we could see the correct answers to the problem sets at some point to see if we got the wrong answer or it was a formatting problem.
The course is very educational but I wish the professor would explain problems in more detail. It was a bit hard to understand some of the reasoning behind the answers.
Excellent course for the beginners. it introduces us to what all resides in corporate finance and teaches us some very crucial and important terms like NPV, IRR, etc.
The course was very understandable and put together well.  It would be nice to have the formulas listed in excel.  After all, many forecasts are still done in excel.
Very well presented course. The professor explained the concepts quite well. I would be interested in doing a course that goes into more depth of Corporate Finance.
This is so far the best course I've had in Coursera. Theory is very useful and the teaching method is very clear. All cases are helpful and link to reality.
Although a bit challenge, the material and its usefulness is valuable. Teacher Michael Roberts presented the course very good and explained things clearly.
Good course to take.  Some times the lectures good into too many details too quickly.  Especially lectures on week 3.   I recommend the course nonetheless.
Pretty good introduction to Finance. Coverage of CF analysis is pretty good. My only recommendation to improve is to include an intro to financial ratios.
it was good...bt too much of technical methods used to make us understand, that can make things more complicated for understanding for an average student.
I learnt a lot.  It started with the basic and taught you what are the essential points in this subjet in order to analyze if you should invest or not.
Nice course, but would have loved to see the explanation of the financial calculator short cuts...much easier and applicable to real world experiences.
Good lectures.  Gain good insights on some of the finance terms.The course could be more effective if the quiz questions are more challenging.Thanks !
Great course, good information. Just wish there was more info and practice questions available. A definitions/formula chart would be really helpful.
It is a well-structured course. Just one suggestion though, the sensitivity analysis seemed a bit confusing. But the rest of the content is great.
Great course to get along with. One who has keen interest in finance must go for this course to have a clear understanding of financial aspects.
Really good course but I definitely think that quizzes could be a little more difficult. More examples should be given during lectures as well.
certain points needed more explanation. I have no background knowledge and so had to search for an external support to pass the relevant exams
Excellent courseA little plus would be the correction of some exercises (sent to the students for example) once the course has been completed.
Great course, didn't cover exactly what I thought it was going to but still taught me a lot of useful information as a beginner in the field.
The problem sets are a bit too easy, but the lectures are very informative and clarify some not-so-intuitive practices in corporate finance.
Good course to give you overview of corporate finance, balance sheet etc. The professor is clear and the course is conducted at good pace.
Comprehensive, well structured and good cadence of lessons. Professor receives a high appreciation for his method in delivering content.
Very good overview of the basics of corporate finance. The concepts are covered very well and the problems involve theory + application.
i instructor has outstanding capabilities, his explanation is clear and organized yet, too much information are squeezed in only 4 weeks
Course structure was very good but not for a beginner. I am very fortunate to Coursera and all the course members for all the support.
I am not sure how the answers were evaluated, especially the last IRR question, I used excel and got the answer but it did not accept.
Great contents and easy to follow. But is it me or is the content somewhat incomplete?...It seems that there should be more content
this is a good course for basic understanding of corporate finance, which i would recommend to anyone who have interest in finance.
This course is challenging for those weak at financing, but professor Michael Roberts makes it less difficult and fun to learn
The course is very informative, however, it would be nice if after each quiz we have an answer sheet explaining the process.
Very informative . Precisely represented through words and slides. Would look forward to more such wonderful opportunities.
It's a very good introduction to finance, the lectures are clear and concise. I only would have liked it to go a bit deeper
Great course, but wish it was a little more extensive on the last half of the course, particularly around NPV, IRR, etc.
It was very informative and the quizzes made it interesting too. Some concepts require deep understanding and knowledge.
Great for all levels, and I really enjoyed the course, while also learning a lot. Could be a tad more interesting though
Again an excellent course. An additional level beyond this Introduction on a paid for basis would be highly beneficial.
The course content seems to be only a subset of a standard course, the last week's course ends somewhat unexpectedly.
Should include more problems and case studies. Not enough to fully grasp the implications of the proposed analysis.
I really enjoyed this course about Corporate Finance, the lectures presented by the professor were really good.
Excellent course, but Professor jumps from the most simple to complex topics at ease. I felt uncomfortable
It would be better if the course can go deeper and more examples. However, overall it's very useful class.
This was an excellent course for beginners in finance or anyone who wants to gain insight into finance!
The course moves quickly and covers some complex financial principles but overall is very informative.
Well introduction to Corporate Finance, though DCF assumption Tablet example is little bit stretched.
Very well presented. Had to look some things up, i.e. how to enter some of the formulas in Excel etc.
The course covers the basics of corporate finance. It provides a good understanding of the material.
is it possible to have other language subtitles soon? As This course is more complicated than others
Really great professor and the examples are clear and overall a good intro course to these subjects
Great course, but seems to have been cut short? Any plans to make available the rest of the module?
Could slow down a bit for the first couple of lectures, especially when explaining basic concepts.
Material of lectures was quite sufficient, but it touched only few topics from Corporate Finance
very interesting topic, and the material is very comprehensive, just want it to be more detailed
starting lectures are great but then it needs some basic understanding of terms before starting
I have found this course useful in day-to-day applications during the last 4 weeks.  THankful !
Excellent Course, simplified learning, provides a beginners insight into Corporate Finance...
Great foundation in the basics. Could have gone a bit further with using real life scenarios.
Very informative Course, however some topics were not very well explained by the Professor.
I loved the content of the course and the way its explained in the lecture videos are good.
The course is very well explained by going into details of every term and is satisfactory.
Had an amazing experience with tutor looking forward to work with the Institute again.
Great lecture to take if you want to have a basic understanding of corporate finance!
teaching was precise to the Concepts that helped me to finish the course superfast
Difficult but the flaw is students need explanation of the quiz if not understood
provides basic knowledge for finance, instruction is clear, examples are helpful.
I was impressed with the content of the course and the delivery by Prof. Roberts
Could offer more engaging, interactive components. Overall, enjoyed the course.
A good introductory course that covers important elements of corporate finance.
Errors on the last two quizzes, but enough to allow you to pass. Nice class
Good course. More problems would make me more confident about my abilities.
Pretty good, but wish we had practice / homework assignments before quizzes
This is the clearest entry level explanation of finance I have ever seen.
A well presented foundation to corporate finance. I highly recommend it.
Great class, but it seems 4 weeks is too short with only preliminary.
hope could add some explain of the right answer about the question.
Great course, but more exercise material would have been helpful.
Week three was somewhat  confusing but interesting course overall
Nice course for begineers,  provides great insight into finance.
Great delivery of content, concepts are very clearly explained.
It's an very interesting course with deep knowledge of finance.
How finance drives strategy and other cool tips along the way.
Some questions in the exams don't include the correct answer.
I hope the detail answer of each quiz could show at somewhere
It's a refresher course done in an easily followed format.
The contents are great, but it's a bit light for 4 weeks.
finished  first week, the knowledge content is excellent.
it would be much better if there will be more examples.
Great introduction. Could you add a little more meat?
This was a useful introduction to the basic concepts.
Good course, but a good level in algebra is required
It was an excpetional course, very well structured.
More Tough and thoughtful problems should be given
The course is very helpful for finance students
i needed a few more examples but great course.
Great effort to create this course for needy!!
Teaching was great.  Course was quite easy.
Strong introduction into corporate finance.
Quite easy to understand for a beginner.
sad can not have all the course for free
Crystal clear explanations. Enjoyed it!
better if they provide a formula sheet!
Good review of corporate finance basics
very good course, strongly recommended
Very helpful course and information.
Quite Informative and interesting!!
Lots of formulas to learn and apply
useful, but the lecture is boring.
To the point. Good homework stuff.
Great course for fin enthusiasts
good course, but it's too short.
A very good learning experience.
It was a great course thank you
Too many terms to remember
Very good Teaching staff
A brief to DCF approach.
Barely touched headings
HW's were difficult.
Good to clear basics
excellent course. just wish the answers of the tests could be provided at some point and some new questions included with other figures as I found it difficult to understand my mistakes at first.
Excellent as an introductory course on the way to another course with more depth. I did this as a preparation for my Executive MBA course which will cover pretty much the same topic, just more in depth. Despite its brevity, the key concepts are the important ones and this lecturer builds up the information in easy-to-grasp steps. Would love to see this course extended into a more full-fledged unit with more comprehensive quiz questions that would help the student grasp the concepts even more fully. Would highly recommend this course to anyone. As my first Coursera unit, I am uncertain about the value of electronic completion certificate, so I did not pay for it - but as a pure unit for learning, it is really top-class.
The professor is very patient, he spends a lot of time making sense of the equations and the calculation process, which helps me comprehend the concepts and their application really a lot. Thank you!
Having spent the most of my 20 year career full time in corporate finance i was pleasantly surprised to have new perspectives and takeaway points on key aspects on the subject. Highly recommended
Very nicely explains about the corporate finance terms...The way Prof. Roberts explains makes it so simple to understand!! I feel very satisfied to have taken this course!! All the best!!
A really good course for non-financial background students. The contents are easy to understand. And what I like the most about the course is that the teacher gives a pretty good explanation of not only the conceptions of financial terms but also the situation to which these terms should be applied as well as the interpretation/conclusions we can draw from the numbers. These processes help me learn what should I do or think about for the next step based on the outcome. It would be great if the course can be extended to a 5-to-6-week one that emcompasses more detailed information and more excercise. Look forward to other courses of corporate finance offered by Wharton. P.S. The teacher is really cute and nice,hahahaha~
Very useful course, if you're interested in finance, modelling, decision making through NPV, IRR, Break Even Analysis, Elasticity, then this is the course to take. Prof. Roberts is very eloquent and drives home the key points very well.  You'll also be able to get an understanding of how financial analysts need to work with other business departments (marketing, operations, strategy team etc), in order to arrive at accurate project analysis and evaluation (including identifying key value drivers in any project).I highly encourage anyone interested in finance to take this course from Wharton. Also, don't forget to tinker around with the provided spreadsheet - it will really hammer home many key financial concepts!
Many thanks to Professor Michael Roberts and the course team for their excellent work and effort into developing this course.  I am a retired director of corporate finance and accounting.  I enrolled in this course with the goal of mastering the fundamentals of corporate finance.  I have also successfully completed the Coursera Fundamentals of Finance Course from the University of Michigan, and I'm happy to report that both courses are excellent.  Professor Robert's examples, illustrations, concept development and demonstrations were outstanding.  Both courses use a different approach in teaching the finance fundamentals so it did not feel like a lot of duplication for me.  Thanks again.
This is  a very basic introduction to corporate finance. The instructor's explanation is to the point and very easy to understand. The material is quite thin, however, but I guess since it's just an introduction, so the team want to make it accessible for everybody. I personally would like to have more exercises and quizzes to enhance the understanding of the subject (especially the material in week 3 and 4). I think there should be more emphasis on week 3 about free cash flow since I believe it is the highlight of the whole course.I look forward for a more advanced version of corporate finance from Wharton.Thank you all for providing this high-quality MOOC.
This course is a great resource for anyone looking for a refresher on corporate investment opportunities or for professionals working outside of finance to get a better understanding of the most common ways to measure potential opportunities. Professor Roberts does a great job describing the concepts, but what stood out to me was the examples he uses that are applicable to real world experiences. For example, he mentions the necessity to collaborate with different functional areas (marketing, strategy, product, etc)  to build proper assumptions when forecasting free cash flow. Overall, time well spent and a great intro to corporate finance.
I took this course in preparation for a job as a refresher of what I learned during my Bachelor's degree about 7 years ago. The course was relatively easy to follow for me as a product manager with a business education, but practically 0 finance related work. I did have to look up a few of the concepcts in more detail (especially the impact of NWC on the FCF), but other than that it went very smoothly.The course could have gone into more detail or at least laid out a way how to dive a bit deeper, as it's really an introduction. Overall, I really enjoyed the course.
It's a great introduction course! I finally learned the practicalities of different terms I have been encountering daily in my field of work. However, it would've been much more informative had their been more real-life practical exercises to solve! Also, I found the second part a bit confusing especially that I have limited knowledge in accounting terminologies. So, the student would find that part more relevant if they had some background knowledge in accounting.But all in all, it was good course. Looking forward to advance my knowledge in finance in the future:)
This course is absolutely fantastic. I enrolled a week ago and have been so engrossed in the content that I am already almost finished with my week 4 lectures. The professor, Michael R. Roberts, is phenomenal at making complex topics relatable and easy to understand. I consider myself decent at general math and critical thinking, but came in with very little corporate finance knowledge. As a result of taking this course, I already feel more confident speaking to a new side of the business in my current role as a L&D program manager.
Hi Mr. Roberts,I like the way how this course is structured. It kind of gives me the whole overview of what being in a corporate finance might look like if I decide to be part of it in the future. Also, you providing a short recapitulation of the previous topic before starting each new video is so nice and a brilliant move by the way in instilling these information right into our long-term memory. Thank you for such a short yet very informative encounter (virtually).Real Prado, Mechanical Engineer, Philippines
I am totally satisfied with the quality of this course. Professor Michael R Roberts explanation and teaching method is clear and logical. The videos and slides are easy to follow and in spite of the fact that I had no experience in finance, and mathematics is my weak point, I enjoyed this course very much. From my personal perspective, in comparison with other courses of the Business Foundations SpecializationIntroduction to Corporate Finance was the best and I highly recommend it to others.
The first time ever I took a Finance course enjoyed it and really look forward to it. By the time I was done I kept asking myself. "Did I just finished a finance course?". I believe the modules were structure to deal with the skills necessary to determine the efficacy of investment decision using the methodology of time value of money was key. leaving out every other distraction was sweet!I will take any finance course if its deliver this way. Coming from an Engineer this is 10 stars.
Fantastic course and an eye opener on how money behaves with time and how one needs to be mindful of this when making financial decisions. The course instructor was instrumental in helping me understand many important concepts and his clarity of thought really comes through in his videos. Loved the concepts of NPV and IRR and how wonderfully the examples for each were illustrated to explain how they don't always agree with each other. One of my favourite courses I've taken so far.
Coming from an engineering and science background with no prior knowledge in finance, I find this course very useful and comprehensive in introducing the basic concepts in corporate finance including time value of money, discounting and compounding, tax and interest rate, term structure and yield, cash flow, forecast and ROI based on IRR and NPV etc. Most importantly, the lecturer is really clear and good in explaining the concepts via sound mathematical formulation. Thank you.
I began this course with very limited knowledge about corporate finance and ended it with a great overview of the different aspects of it. Prof. Michael R Roberts explains the concepts elegantly and at the right pace. The content and teaching were so engaging that I actually completed watching all the videos and assignments within a single day. I would definitely recommend this course to anyone who wishes to gain a good grip on corporate finance.
Very solid introduction. Materials were covered well and slides and excel file were very helpful.  I would very much look forward to continuing this class if there were a longer or 2nd section.  While I was familiar with some of the advanced features in excel under the what-if tools, I imagine from the forums and in general that it could have helped to either spend a couple minutes explaining them or pointing to some existing online help.
A great course that teaches you the time value of money and the three important financial tools DCF, IRR and Pay back period to financially evaluate projects. It also covers topics such as - how to estimate the Free cash flows in the actual business context and how to use sensitivity analysis in connection with DCF. It covers the merits and demerits of the three tools. Overall, a great course taught by excellent teachers.
Excellent. I'd rather prefer the "tablet cash flow" example to be more paused and deep in order to review the long list of related concepts (that way, the corresponding quiz questions could be much more complex and interesting); also, a contrast to the cash flows as used in accounting would be in order. I've checked wikipedia and those approaches seem to be complimentary but more advise would be useful.Thanks!
This is a brilliant course which touches upon the basic and intense nuances of finance. With the apt examples taken up by professor and the repetition of the course material from previous lectures, the lectures  have been made easier to grasp and imbibe. Thank you for sharing this course, coming from a non corporate background it has taught me significantly more than I already knew about finance.
AMAZING COURSE!!Difficult and dense concepts explained succinctly, lucidly, very methodically and with total clarity.. deserves 10/5 stars!It doesn't make me an expert in corporate finance, but makes me much more confident of the terminology and the jargon used in the domain. I took copious notes for my reference and will refer back to them in the future if I ever need them.
An insightful course wonderfully instructed by Michael R Roberts.  A fitting introductory course that does not digress from its objective yet provides just the right amount of information for somebody looking for entry level information to Corp. Finance. I find myself at the end of this course much better versed with Corp Finance than when i started out. Thank you!
Incredible introduction to the core concepts of Corporate Finance. Professor Roberts presents his information in understandable real-world examples, turning an exciting topic into a fun, wonderful few weeks of learning. This course, far more than many others, has helped develop my passion for finance, and grow a level of confidence and understanding in the field.
The course has been my first interaction with any finance related course, and it has provided me with a good set of tools required not only in the finance industry but in a general corporate environment. Recommended for everyone, as it will help you understand the corporate financial structure and assist you in making more informed financial decisions
As an entrepreneur, sometimes you focus too much on the quality of your product but forget to track how your product is creating value. Corporate Finance and Accounting are great additions to a skill set that would help any free-lance or entrepreneur manage their income and expenditure and leverage current assets to create more value for the society.
Great foundation. Filled in several knowledge gaps for me by slowly building from foundational principles to linking the principles together in real examples. Useful computational exercises well placed through the lectures to confirm understanding. Problem sets were well connected to the lectures. Eager to continue onto the followup course.
The Course was absolutely fantastic in the context of what a non-financial person can learn. It helps the learner not just understand the concepts at a surface level, but also go deep into decision making using the concepts in real life problems as well. I highly recommend this course to people who are just starting with finance.
The classes are really easy to follow and the problem sets help in making the course more understandable. I learned valuable lessons and concepts from this course that I could use in almost all of our company's projects. I would like to thank Coursera for providing me this opportunity through their financial assistance program.
As a course of foundation level, it is great. At the end of the 4th week material, Professor Roberts mentions about the fixed income securities. I am looking forward to. And if the next course is as great as this one, I am more willing to get verified. Anyway, many thanks to the great Coursera Team and Professor Roberts.
This course really helped me get a more thorough understanding of finance, all whilst presenting the topics in a way that made the course feel very easy and interesting to take part in. I would highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to come to grips with the inner workings of financial calculation and reasoning!
The instructor is friendly and energetic. The course content is very practical. However, instead of explaining things using screenshots of excel spreadsheet, the instructor could've explained by using a screen recording of the excel model. Barring that, very useful and highly informative for a beginner like me.
Great course! I really enjoyed learning about corporate finance in this course. I heard about different financial terminologies during my professional career and never knew exactly what they meant. Now I have better understanding. Hope to keep on learning these concepts in greater detail in the future.
Loved the course. The entire course was full of real-life questions and scenarios making it all the more relevant. In the last week especially I gained some really good experience and insights into the concepts of IRR and NPV. Thank you for sharing your knowledge in such a simple yet effective manner.
The course is very comprehensive yet lucid and simple. Prof. Michael Roberts were very energetic and showed lots of enthusiasm in teaching. I learned a lot from the course which has total relevance in investment decisions. Thanks again to Prof. Michael and the Coursera team for the opportunity. Best.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course . The course content was just too appropriate for this introductory course. The instructor was too patient . He explained each and every concept in very depth ,Moreover he also recalled previous lecture in every new lecture. Everything was just too perfect.
Best course I have ever taken. Well organized and balanced with right amount of theories and practices. The examples reflect real business scenarios that help understand the concept better. I am looking forward on taking more classes like that. Great job Professor Michael R.
Roberts!
Corporate finance was quiet easier than other kind of courses. it has been improved my financial skills and i might getting interest in the course of finance. i enjoyed a lot while working with these course and i feel great while they are the giving the option of resubmitting.
I thought this course was very easy to follow, and very well structured. Professor Roberts did a really good job explaining his examples, and also try to add real life finance applications here and there. Homework were reasonable as long as you pay attention to the videos.
The professor makes these concept very interesting and the enthusiasm you hear in his voice amplifies that.  Great course that's clear cut for understanding and very applicable to real world scenarios.  Will lever look at a bank's interest rates listings the same again!
Very clear and delivered in an entertaining way (which, we have to admit, can be quite a challenge for this sort of topic). The problems in the quizzes are forcing you to understand the proper application of the formula rather than staying at the theoretical level.
Really enjoyed the way the prof. explains each concept.I'm a student from non finance background and scored 92% in just one month.Requires only few hours a week probably 2-3.Good course as you can be on track with personal life as well.Michael Roberts is the best.
Videos are done very well.  Difficult concepts are explained clearly, with relevant examples.  Would have been better if the slides were provided including the notes that were handwritten during the lecture.  I took screenshots for future reference.  Thank you.
Basic and quizes could / should be tougher, but it aptly nails down a few fundamental concepts in a smart step-by-step approach with a smooth learning curve for people not familiar with the subject.  I'd like to see a higher-level course being offered soon.
Excellent course. I was especially fascinated by the way Prof. Roberts taught the Time Value of Money concept. I've faced the particular subject in the past, but the presentations in this particular subject is something else. Congratulations! I enjoyed it!
As the course says it truly is an introduction to the world of corporate finance. The professor was clear about the structure and followed it through the course. The study materials matched the videos and the quizzes accordingly. Enjoyed the experience.
Prof Roberts explained everything very clearly.  His exams were very well laid out and were easy to follow. If anything his exams were almost a bit too easy.  Overall, really enjoyed the concepts he taught and the way he taught them, excellent pedagogy!
This is a really well taught course! It's quite a daunting subject to someone as qualitatively focused as me, but between the main lecturer and the discussion boards, I was really able to understand the formulas, the calculations, and why they matter!
This course is really good for those guys who want to know the fundamentals of corporate finance. The course was a bit tough of a newcomer like myself but the material was presented in such a good way that it was not so easy to grasp all the concepts.
I learned a lot about finance! It enhanced my theoretical knowledge as well as conceptual knowledge about everything in finance. It will help me to pass my board exam! Thank you Coursera and to the Wharton School of University of Pennsylvania!
Great format. Lectures are short, sweet, and to the point and the problem sets align well with them. Supplemental reading is provided for those that want to go more in depth, but you can make it though the course without the reading as well.
Professor Roberts did an outstanding job of clearly articulating highly complex concepts in a very digestible manner.  The course slides were also helpful in relating back to the video lessons and helping reinforce key concepts and formulas.
Very concise and clear explanation of the basic financial concepts. This course is good to refresh you knowledge before the exams. I am so indebted to the Professor for the quality spreadsheets and eloquent presentations. Thank you so much!
Very clear and well thought out lessons on the time value of money, discounting and compounding.  The lessons on DCF/IRR analysis, forecast drivers, and applications and limitations of the models were well laid out and easy to follow.
Very good faculty ,great intuitive quizzes .Overall a very good course.Like in financial accounting a further course on this subject matter by the same faculty if possible would be very helpful for advanced interested learners.
This course takes a topic that I find difficult, and explains it in a way that can be understood by a non-financial person.  It helped me to understand the content, and the application of the content in a real world situation.
Prof. Michael Roberts has a very unique way of teaching which makes it very easy for us to understand. His passion for the subject and teaching can be felt throughout the course. Very honored to get taught by him. Thank You!
Michael R Roberts is a great professor. The teacher and the material given are really understandable and well-explained, even for non-native speakers. This course is perfect to get started in the world of corporate finance.
I loved this class. It is fast-paced informative and really hits all the basics. I entered with zero background. My education is in engineering and I have no financial background. I retook tests a few times until I got it!
This course really helped me understand finance and corporate finance on a decision-making level. I feel more confident with my clients explaining finance in an applied manner. Can't wait to take more courses from Wharton.
Great class that covers a broad range of material, from the basics of discounted cash flow to understanding the basics of a cash flow model. Would appreciate it if the spreadsheet were available on Sheets, not just Excel.
While this is an introductory course, their is a lot of information that is covered. This is a very good course, delivered by very knowledgeable professor at the Wharton Business School, at the University of Pennsylvania.
It was tremendous learning experience. The way the concepts are explained are exceptional. I would recommend every one entering the management systems to go through the course. This will be beneficial for them for sure.
Very informative and clear.  The instructor has great content knowledge and an ability to communicate ideas clearly.  Content builds on itself linearly, and there is a good balance of intuition and formal calculations.
Excellent course design for non finance managers interested to learn corporate finance  aspects.  I leaned time value of money, discounting method, project budgeting, associated  tools, formulations etc.   Thank you.
Any one can get a basic idea about corporate finance, how its working, how to use some basic but widely used tools. Thanks to the instructors and coursera for letting us to enrich our knowledge through this course.
Very interesting introduction, although I would add some things as a pre - introduction for people that are not very acquainted with basics in corporate finance. All in all it was very interesting experience for me.
This is my first ever course finished in Coursera and in the field of commerce. It's a well-elaborated course, I'm looking forward to developing deeper down in commerce. Thank you for providing this amazing course!
Excellent coursework by the Wharton team, just the right balance of complexity and beginner's approach to discount rates, cash flows and valuation. Recommended for anyone starting up interest in corporate finance.
A very good course on Corporate Finance. The lecture videos are to the point, and the slides are perfect for whatever is covered in the videos. Lots of problem sets further improve the understanding of the course.
This is an awesome course, even if you're not a Finance Major. It has inspired me to apply some of these calculations to my real life investment decision making such as tuition, mortgage, equity and car purchase.
Who would have guessed that money and time were literally so related? I learned a lot about the time value of money and how a dollar today is not worth the same as a dollar tomorrow, great course, great material!
great course.. the content is quite challenging, but the assignments are really basic. they're meant to really test on one's ability to comprehend the "introduction to corporate finance" and not much beyond that
Very well structured course. Letures delivered with clarity. Really enjoyed doing the course and attempting the quizes. Notes / slides were splendid and have downloaded these for further practice and reference.
This class was challenging and rewarding. Definitely have a much better understanding of corporate finance and what goes into the decision making process for companies like my own. Thank you Professor Roberts!
The course provides a clear insight in the domain of corporate finance and even a first timer can understand the concepts well enough to solve the fundamental problems related to the subject. Nicely explained.
It is a great course! However, I feel the coverage of the course can be greater. It will also be better if the instructor provides suggested readings for each module and increases the difficulty of the tests.
Course is well designed to help the candidates who want to gain an insight of corporate finance. It will build your basics, if you're a newbie. And the main part- "don't forget to check the discussion forum."
Very interesting and well taught by Professor Michael Roberts. The course covered the concepts and their application in practical scenarios along with relevant graphs and diagrams for additional explanation.
It is a pretty good course. It helped me understand how to compute cashflows with discounting and compounding tools, the importance of time value of money, how take decisions based on NPV of the project.
Great course! I really liked the way Michael Roberts conduct the lectures.I would thank Michael Roberts for his time and effort to make this course available to all of those interested in finance.Antonio
The course definitely helps you to know about the various valuation techniques, Discounting the cash flows and about the sensitivity anaylsis, all important to make a right decision about an investment.
Great course lectures and pacing! I'd just really like to know the right solutions for the questions i got wrong. That will help sharpen concepts. Great if there's a way to share that. Thanks,Archana
Actually it is a great material and amazing instructor, I got a lot of information  during the course and even from the references he kindly mentioned.  Thanks a lot professor, and thanks coursera.
Really enjoyed this class.  The course materials were laid out in a way that really made sense, I appreciated the weekly slides.  I learned a lot and wish I could delve more deeply into this topic.
Dear Wharton team! That was a great experience, thank you very much! All materials have been prepared very understandable for any level of education. very useful in my everyday work. Thanks a lot!
I gained knowledge on cash flow and it's calculation. It improved confidence to learn and gain more in my expertise. Good instructor and all classes were practically explained which were helpful.
The professor illustrates the concepts of cash flow and discount rate in a very clear and intuitive way. There are also handful examples and illustrations aside to help learning. Great course.
Great introduction to corporate finance. The professor was clear with the concepts and examples and provided a lot of real world thought questions that'll be handy in the business setting.
This course is built in a write way, every lecture has a review, new material and a summery which is very helpful.The prof. is very clear and understandable and the homework really helps!
This was probably the best-structured class I have taken on Coursera. The Professor is very good at explaining the material in a detailed way, using the short amount of time he is given.
Professor Roberts provided great explanations and examples, with lot of useful insights to have a comprehensive approach to corporate finance and understanding the time value of money.
The teacher is so great! He explains the concepts very slow, and it was easy to follow his lead. I loved this! Even though I didn't have any finance background, because I'm a physician
It was great experience. I got to learn many new things during this course. It will also help me in my future career. Thank you coursera for providing me opportunity to learn and grow.
Great introduction to corporate finance. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn the basics of finance and know what do NPV, IRR and Cash Flows (among others) really mean.
This course is really clear! The structure is good and professor knows how to teach the course. But I feel it is a little incomplete and think there should be more contents available.
Thank you very much!Lectures were interesting and helpful and the teacher demonstrated such a genuine passion and enthusiasm for the subject that it was easy  to focus on the topics.
Michael has
an authentic and very straightforward way to present the topics! I would love
to attend one of his course in real life and experience his enthusiasm and deep
knowledge.
It's pretty hard to understand, but work your way slowly through the lectures and take tons of notes and you will slowly begin to see how companies do forecasts and make decisions!
Easy to follow course, that's great for beginners who want to learn about the fundamentals of Finance. Professor truly simplifies all the concepts to bit sized pieces! Thank you!
Would highly recommend this course.  Lectures are well structured and content is easy to follow. The problem sets are fair and the discussion forums are helpful if you get stuck!
Great course, lucid lessons. The use of same examples to discuss different concepts gives a stable reference point. This helps better understand the the concepts being explained.
Awesome course!!! It has helped me a lot to better understand financial concepts like NPV , which is one of the concepts I have to deal with in upcoming PMP certification exam.I
Very high amount of information for an introductory course. This is a very good FIRST STEP for pursuing  financial analysis or investment. Kudos to both Wharton and course era.
Very clear and easy to follow. The professor offers insightful yet simple examples to illustrate the concepts he is referring to. Absolutely amazing class for a beginner level.
It is very user friendly course. Helpful in clearing my basics, well structured examples. I would especially like to thanks coursera for giving me such a wonderful opportunity.
This is an amazing course. It touches on all of the key aspects of Corporate Finance and comes with all of the support necessary for you to understand the material. I love it!
There was lot learn from this course , i genuinely recommend this course for people who want to gain knowledge of how returns are estimated and how it helps in decision making
Very good course with experienced professor from Wharton. I strongly recommend this course for executives who need to apply Finance knowledge to their decision making routine.
Very engaging lecturer with fantastic slides and teaching methods. Highly recommend and I hope other teachers can use this style as a framework for their lectures. Thank you!
The course is very well laid out, easy to follow and helps you get the basics of a good range of important concepts. I'll be coming back to the material many times, for sure.
The lectures are pretty straightforward and concise. What I like about this course are the summaries which makes it easier to review and go back and see the bigger picture.
Good introduction to Corporate Finance. I'm thankful to have had the opportunity to take a Business class from Wharton School at University of Pennsylvania on Coursera!
Highly recommend! The course is so awesome! Huge thanks to Mr. Robert and mentors, I really appreciate your taking time to build this course and helping us to practice!
Thanks, Professor Roberts! I'd give more stars if I could! I greatly appreciate your Intro to Corporate Finance course, especially the recaps and the summaries. Thanks!
A very informative course. Well organized, with a devoted tutor. Quizzes are well balanced, not too hard or too easy. One of the best courses I have taken in Coursera
Its a great course to help us to remember the basic concept in corporate finance.The Quiz in the end of each week support the knowledge acquired during the sessions.
I felt the course content was apt to the title "Introduction to corporate finance". This would be a good starting point for anyone who wants to begin in this domain.
The course was bit tough. But I realize the hard days if someone go to work without learning this. In this sense, This is master class course for me.Thank you Sir.
Overall, the course explained the main concepts very well. However, I found lecture 3 a bit confusing, especially the concepts of levered and unlevered cash flow.
The course structure is quite coherent and the lectures are engaging with examples following each concept. Looking forward to complete few more courses like this.
Highly recommended! I am engineer and I usually just ask finance people to calculate NPV and IRR, but now I know a lot more how to prepare good CAPEX projects.
I really enjoyed this course and the mentors are really helpful. The topics are very interesting and mentors made it very simple to understand the concepts
This was a hard course. Many formulas, were left unexplained, It took many hours of additional research. I enjoyed it so much. The challenge was welcoming.
Amazing course. Nice course content delivered in a very understandable easy-to-follow manner. Hats-off for the course instructor and the whole course team.
This course helped me a lot in understanding the nuances of corporate finance. For a beginner like me, it was of great help to start my career in finance.
Clear and effective teaching. Examples provided are very relevant and certainly contribute to the learning process.Overall, excellent introductory course!
Very helpful for people who want to learn the basic concepts of finance. The course material, practice material and the teaching are simple and effective.
I really liked that the lectures were short, it allowed me to watch and re watch while keeping strongly engaged. Quizzes were short, which helped too.
Dr Roberts does a great job in explaining the concepts with concrete examples, plus assignments test your knowledge very thoroughly based on lectures.
Great course very enjoyable lectures and examples. The only suggestions is more no grade exercises / homework. Yhank you for sharing your knowledge.
It was a very interesting course. the quizes was very challenging. also, the instructor provided some valuable insights which is very refreshing.
Very nice introduction to the corporate finance. I hope everybody enjoys this topic. Teacher is awesome. Thanks for easy-understandable lectures!
This course really helped me a lot gaining knowledge about finance in my student life.I really thank coursera for this opportunity.Best of Luck!
This basic Finance course provides you with valuable insights and everything you need to make an informed financial decisions. Highly recommend!
excellent course, very clearhowever I would have liked to be able to correct my mistakes during the quizz and corrections would be very welcome
I really enjoyed the course. I still need a lot of improvement , but the material has boosted my confidence, understanding and ability greatly.
Excellent course with well-defined quizzes at the end of each week. Would highly recommend to anyone who wants to start learning about Finance!
This was an excellent course. All lectures and quizzes were well thought out, and the course instructor explained the material really clearly.
Really difficult subject, but instructor was clear and knowledgeable. With instructors like him, it's no wonder Wharton is such a good school.
Comprehensive program that explains well into the topic. Professor have take the core o the subject and opened avenues to learn more. Thanks!
A challenge initially to grasp some of the new concepts, but with practise doing and re-doing the quizzes, it seemed to be understood better.
Very comprehensive course. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn about corporate finance or get a refresher like me.
Excellent overview of IR, but I felt that more questions would have been useful in terms of really drilling home the calculation concepts.
Makes some potentially tricky concepts simple and memorable allowing one to quickly deploy them in practice. Well structured and paced.
Outstanding course . I sincere and deeply appreciate all the dedication of all teaching members to present complex ideas  very easily
I loved how I could go at my own pace.  I learned a lot and really recommend this course to anyone out there interested in business.
Excellent, I learned I lot. I'd really like to see more courses of the area from Wharton and Prof. Michael Roberts here in Coursera.
Excelent course, with a very technical and didactic professor. The courses from Wharton are by far the best I've taken in Coursera.
Provides excellent grasp over basic and intermediate finance theories and delves into the real life applications of said concepts.
It was fantastic. I have learned a lot. The lectures are clear and solving exercises was very helpful to funderstand the lectures
Fabulous course. Really simple language explaining complex concepts. Helpful in understanding fundamentals of corporate finance.
Excellent course though I would lay more stress on financial calculators and excel rather than solving through tedious formulae
For someone who was terrified of finance, I actually managed to enjoy it through this course.That on its own deserves 5 stars.
Lectures by Prof Roberts are lucid and easy to understand. This is the best introduction to corporate finance I have had yet.
Very appreciated. Learned a lot of basics, which I find they are very intuitive and effecient tools to analysing a corporate.
thanks professor, those functional finance knowledge is quite helpful to understand the strategy of company investment plan
Introduction to Corporate Finance was great! It was very easy to understand; it made the abstract concepts very relevant.
Awesome course! I learned a lot about fundamentals of corporate finance and the lectures are thorough and very valuable!
World class learning platform. Facilitator is outstanding, site is awesome and  learning materials are learner friendly
Amazing course to recap what we do daily in our professional lives but with more precision and more clarity of thoughts
I'm learning so much! It helps me analyze and plan my own finances, and I'm sure this will be useful for future work!
The basics were taught really well and the pace of the course was also kept such that it could be comprehended well.
Thanks for these lecture videos and reading materials, get to know some basic but useful terms and tools in Finance.
Fast and informative. Perhaps towards the end doing some work over the Tablet case would have been more instructive.
Excellent course, perfect professor! I liked his teaching style. Very informative and easy learning method.Thank you
Up to now and from all that I have completed, this is the best and the most useful online course offered by Wharton!
I enjoyed the class very much! The lectures were engaging and the cousera software made it very easy to take notes.
The course helped me understand decision making in finance world by widely considering topics like NPV, DCF and IRR
The professor Roberts is excelent, his explanations are awesome. Thanks a lot Professor Roberts and Wharton School
Well structured. Information is articulated in a very easy-to-understand way for someone even remotely interested.
Very easy to follow the lectures and the problem sets, but quality & challenging information that makes you think.
Good background knowledge provided during the course. For anyone who is not a finance major this is a good course.
GREAT COURSE especially the grading quizzes.  This will make you think and you well after applying your learning.
very good course. The first course where I really felt I am doing some real homework and being engaged. Great job
So interesting and informative. The included spreadsheet with the tablet example is an awesome addition, thanks!
Good explanations of the theory, formulae. I wish we had spent more time on the complicated tablet spreadsheet.
Awesome course with very clear and easy to follow examples and explanations of financial practices. Great job
Learned a lot and had a very valuable experience taking the introduction to Corporate Finance course. Thanks!
thank you very much, it was very useful. I liked the way this course was organised, the lector was brilliant!
A fantastic insight into the fundamentals and applications of Corporate Finance. Would definitely recommend!
Excellent approach to financial knowledge. I am very excited to continue getting more edcuated in this area.
Good to guide you step by step. The test is challenging. Enjoy the course.
The course provides a good insight into the world of corporate finance explaining basic concepts in detail.
As an introductory course it is just perfect. Hope to see more deepened course on this topic in the future.
Excellent content and presentation, well researched I watched the first 2 videos and they are just terrific
Enjoyed Professor Robert's teaching style which was clear and simple.  Also, the recaps were very helpful.
The professor did an excellent job taking his time where he needs to, also I really liked the lesson tips.
Fantastic introductory course, should really be required for everyone. Excellent delivery with enthusiasm.
An eye-opening course. I won't never even to calculate my money without thinking about the Time Value :)
Great interactive materials, great professor, easy to digest subject matter and teaching style.  Thanks!
I really like the methodology. It's a good way to get to know skills like the ones shown in this course.
An excellent course!Thanks to Professor Roberts for this important, interesting and high quality course!
I really enjoyed learning with the Professor. Thanks for Wharton school for giving us this opportunity.
Great course. It helps me a lot to understand the fundamental background of decision making in finance.
This course has been very helpful. All materials are provided properly. Instructions were really good.
great course it could be helpful if except the final quiz in each chapter there was a practice session
Excellent delivery, great analysis. The professor is unassuming and breaks topics into minute details.
A useful introduction to corporate finance for those for whom numeracy is not their greatest strength.
Great class.  Initial classes were difficult, but the lessons made the last two courses much easier.
Coursera has made me learn a lot and I say a big thanks for allowing me to study with less problems.
Great course.  Provides the initial tools to start an educated evaluation of any financial decision.
The instructor presented basic concepts that are important for corporate finance with good examples.
Superbly structured,eloquent and very well presented. Made me feel finance isn't that big a demon :)
It's very useful to have an introduction to corporate finances and how to take financial decisions.
Learned topics that I will be able to apply almost immediately in my career. Thanks, very useful.
There are cases where the problems are a bit up for interpretation, but the content is excellent.
I loved this course. I was enlightened with the knowledge and will help me tremendously shortly.
Very good. Could be better if similar exercises of test were applied as example on the lectures.
Excellent Course and The Instructor is Simply amazing, Thanks to all the Team behind the Course.
I really enjoyed the teaching style and accessibility to people without strong math backgrounds.
Very nice and clear course with good explanations and examples, easy to understand for everyone
Short but absolutely useful! A good introduction to corporate finance for non-finance students.
Wonderful course with a great introduction to basic financial tools, especially on NPV and IRR.
very practical usage and clear explanation about all ideas in conjunction with relevant topics.
This teacher is unbelievable, one of my favorite classes I've every taken in my life. Awesome.
A brief introduction of the corporate finance. Includes the major tools used in the industry.
very useful, now I know what they mean by Calculate for IRR 15% in the board room meetings :)
Great introductory course! The professor was engaging and explained all the concepts clearly.
The speaker was great to learn from, very much engaging. Looking forward for similar courses
Great way for non-finance background individuals to learn the basics of time value of money.
Highly recommended for those who want to kick start their knowledge about corporate finance.
Excelente, easy to understand, full of interesting information. Ideal for Project Managers.
Great quality instruction and content. Wish this course were longer to cover more topics!!
very useful course to know how to handle finances and formulas to make financial decisions
This is a very informative source for those who wants to begin learning corporate finance!
This was an excellent foundation course in Finance with very clear and crisp instructions.
A very well balanced course which gives a good overview of concepts of Corporate Finance.
Good course for beginners who want to take a insight into what doing business look like.
I loved the course and how everything was taught. I wish there was more examples.thanks!
The learning was immense due to illustrious real life examples and good quiz questions
Of the online classes I've taken, this felt the closest to taking the class in person.
This course has very detailed materials to get a better understanding of this subject.
The course is very insightful and teaches you the basic dynamics of corporate finance.
Great introductory course! Excellent practical examples, exercises, and explanations.
Very informative and fast paced. Still trying to figure out what I've just learned...
Concise and practical! Very good introduction to the subject. I recommend it widely.
Basic yet efficient introduction to corporate finance and large projects assessments
It was a great learning journey that has helped me a lot clear my doubts. thank you.
Nice array of information packed in this interesting and non time consuming course.
Good focus on decision making, bringing a pratcial overview of business situations.
one of the best course and really helpful as i am studying business administration
It's a very good course. Thank you professor and everyone who has worked for it.
Wonderful course! Very useful to anyone who is getting into the corporate world!
This course is excellent, is a great introductory course of corporate finance.
This course is very helpful for my understanding and application of knowledge.
This course makes me to get overview of financial analysis such as cash flow.
I learned the basics in CF and it was fun. Did not expect his. Great teacher!
Excellent course material for a basic understanding of the Corporate Finance!
Course is a great refresher, it covers the foundations of Financial Analysis.
Great course for a beginner looking to understand the nuances of investments.
Course structure is quite coherent and all the modules supplement each other
Great course to learn the ins and outs of finance and to grow your knowledge
The program was amazing.. could have been little more expansive in coverage.
Gradually explaining complex concepts in step by step increasing difficulty
Prof Roberts has made learning really easy and I enjoyed this course a lot.
Its a great course and the teacher is very enthusiastic to teach shortcuts.
One of the most awesome course to start your journey of financial studies!
I have learned a lot from this course! It will help me much in the future.
Learned key aspects of corporate finance. thank you for your efforts sir.
Interesting course covering the foundational basics of corporate finance.
Excellent explanations, great examples, I would definitely recommend it.
Delivery was excellent and I think Prof Michael R Roberts  was fantastic
Excellent job - easy to follow. Brought back memories of my MBA program!
Excellent course. Objective, accessible and full of real life examples.
Absolutely well structured course to learn basics in corporate finance.
Pretty good intro... great teaching and real life examples.I am happy.
I really love this class! The professor really explain well and great!
Very useful, a great introduction of corporate finance to a beginner!!
Great course. I thank Coursera for providing the opportunity to learn.
I loved this course. The instructor made it really enjoyable learning!
Excellent course. Intertesting and enlighting. Strong Recommendation!
I find this course easy to follow and very useful for my current job.
Very educative and interesting lectures. Thanks for the opportunity
Very great course especially for those from Non Finance Background.
Nice explanation and the topics that are reviewed are really useful
I enjoyed the course very much! It is very clear and easy to learn.
Basic but useful! Good for someone who doesn't have any background.
Very clear and easy to understand presentation of course materials.
Good introductory course with videos as well as reading materials.
Very helpful course to understand the basics of corporate finance.
Fantastic Introduction to Finance. Professor is a great explainer.
Incredible class and great instructor. Would absolutely recommend!
Teaching with a profound understanding in this area. Great course!
Learnt so much in a short amount of time that was valuable for me
Amazing professor and great learning experience for all levels !
A valuable introductory course to corporate finance, nice-paced!
Perfect and structured Start to Understand the World of Finance.
If you want to know what is finance, you must take this course.
A Great Course to begin one's journey in the world of Finance.
Great learning experience. Conceptual clarity at it its best.
Incredibly simple explanations of Corporate Financial topics.
Extending examples to calculate would be the only improvement
A Well managed course to dive in deep for Corporate Finance.
This is excellent course to refresh the concepts of Finance.
Great content & pacing. And EXCELLENT feedback on the forum!
The course was very well structured. However, I wish it tack
very easy to understand the basics a good giving of MATERIAL
Really nice course. Helped me to pass my class examination.
Great content. Professor is very clear in his explanations.
One of the best course to understand the basics of Finance!
Very good course for an introduction to corporate finance.
Excellent knowledge for an Introduction to Finance course.
Great overview of personal and corporate finance concepts!
Great course. Not too time consuming and very informative.
Great course, very thorough. Very hard, but great course!
Phenomenal, clear instruction. Cheers, Professor Roberts!
Great content and relevant in my current leadership role.
Great course. Learnt a lot of relevant business concepts.
This course is the best head-start knowledge in finance.
Basic Concepts, very useful and clear way to present it.
Very useful course for non professional finance student!
Excellent prof. Good work Michael :) - Your latest fan.
Tremendous course with simple and well-planned material
The course was simplified even for non-finance people.
Quick course, but a strong introduction to the topics.
A very fine introduction to Corporate finance indeed.
Very informative course. It explains the basics well.
Very good course, but it seemed to end very abruptly.
Concise, insightful and engaging. Highly recommended.
Great clear and concise explanations of every topic.
explain profound finance theories in simple language
Very good lecturer, the course is not finished yet.
Excellent course for introductory finance knowledge
Fantastic and understandable course in Accounting!
this course helps to achieve your financial goals.
Relevant, clear and not too long! Very nice class
Very didact! It's very basic, but it really worth
first completed course on coursera. MARK!! hahaha
Very well structured course! Highly recommended!
Gives new perspective on finance not accounting!
Great re-fresher on the fundamentals of finance.
The course is so comprehensive and practicable.
great course, broken down simple to understand
Excellent course for enhance my knowledge....
Best course to learn about corporate finance.
Explained with utmost clarity and simplicity.
Good course, easy to understand to everyone.
Great course, easy to understand and follow.
Great course, great Teacher, great learnings
Thank you so much. I am eternally grateful.
Very informative about the basic principles
Awesome!!!In short, Its really good course.
Too little exercises and too easy exercises
Well structured and great lecture content!
Direct, effective and enjoyable. Rigorous.
Very well explained and easy to understand
Very helpful and amazing content! Cheers!!
Learned many new concepts from this course
A great introduction to corporate Finance.
Great course and teacher!. Congratulations
All the concepts were very well explained
learned a lotstill a lot to learn & grow
Thank you Dr. Roberts! Excellent Course!
Good introduction into Financial topics.
Thank you! That was interesting course!
I am confident after having this course
Instructor is amazing. Content is rich
Lovely course . Easy to Understand!!!
Excellent course, everyone should try
Great Course!!!!!!  Learned so much!!
excellent lecture with a great prof !
Easy to follow and clear explanations
Easy learning, well oriented course!!
Wonderfully explained. Thanks a lot.
Very Interesting and helpful course.
Eye opening for me as an engineer :)
Very well explained, easy to follow.
good introduction in finance course.
Great course and great explanation!
Effective and productive! Thank you
Learned the basics and it was great
very informative and useful course.
Great course for young enthusiast.
GOOD COURSE TO KNOW ABOUT FINANCA
Good course explaining the basics
loved the intensity of the course
Great course, really introductory
Thank you. Interesting course...
Informative and straightforward.
Really good course for basic und
thanks for the brilliant course
I learnt a lot. Thanks you all!
Very informative and intuitive
Very straight forward lectures
Excellent Pedagogy! Must Join!
Super useful and helpful class
Very well explained..Liked it!
Quite difficult but worth it.
Well taught, helpful examples
this course is very useful.
A hard concepts made easy!
One of the best pedagogy.
Very well and interesting
a well structured course
very good study , thanks
Basic and well explained
Great intro! Thank you.
Great Course, thank you
Very useful and clear!
Well organized course.
Beautifully Structured
A very exciting course
Great course Thank you
Very Good intro course
Simple and effective!
Great course thanks!
Very helpful Subject
Whartos is the best!
this curse is great
Extremley helpful!!
its pretty awesome
Dr BB is the BBest
easy understanding
simple and clear
Been a long time
Clean and clear.
haPPy Learning
pretty useful
good lecturer
wonder full
