There is stuff to be learned here, but... The course delivery is dreadful. The lectures are extremely repetitive and you will have to sit through hours of Martin Seligman talking about which VIP he sat next to at a very important function and every other unimportant detail to get to the crux of the information. This course comes across as a sales pitch much of the time, (as do his books). A shame, as his philosophy is indeed very helpful and the strategies he suggests (when you finally get to hear them) can be life changing.
Gag.  This entire course was devoted to Seligman worship (led, as usual, by Seligman).Does the entire UPenn faculty just suck up to him all the time?  Isn't it time credible academics move on from the lazy, unscientific twaddle of PERMA and make your own way, even without the big Templeton Foundation dollars that Uncle Marty still pulls in?
Useless course. Just a bunch of repetitions of anecdotes chopped up in tiny clips with way too many pointless popup questions. Let me save everyone some time and summarize this course: "Being positive is good for you." You will have to figure out for yourself how to do that, because this course will not teach you.
Starts with a very interesting Module that talks about the concept of Positive Psychology and its key elements, but then goes into less interesting and relevant topics such as different experiments over the years and journalism.
The vedios are not available for the course, only scriptions can't get a feel of the teachers/professor's teaching style.
Positive psychology is about as scientific as Scientology.
A big jumble and often a ego trip for Seligman who seems to think he is the father of everything and gives no credit to his forefathers in humanistic psychology or the like. The course lacks coherence and substance.
The first couple lectures were interesting. I had a hard time listening and reading the remainder ones due to being too technical and not as interesting for my field. I am interested in learning practical interventions that I can utilize with my clients. I had difficulties paying attention to some of the lessons due to being not as practical to my client as I expected (information that I did not find it applied to help my clients due to being too theoretical and out of scope).
I honestly thought this course was all over the place and too general. It also seemed to be full of self - congratulations about what UPENN has accomplished with its research.   I wanted more depth in a more targeted approach to improving my life.
I think it would be better to go deeper on the PERMA. The "RMA part" was lacking in my opinion. But the VIA survey and the Positive Journalism (I prefer the term Constructive Journalism) was ok for me.
I dropped this class because it was too self-reflective. I wanted to learn the subject, not analyze myself.
very theoretical
Advantages:1) I liked the idea of filming the lectures of Dr Seligman in the real class. Watching his videos, I felt like I was sitting is the lecture room with other students.2) I also enjoyed watching different researchers talking about their fields of study. Inviting different speakers makes the course more diverse.Areas of improvement:1) Design. Some of the presentations in the videos were not in the style of the course (e.g. videos on constructive journalism)2) Structure. The overall impression is that different parts of the course were not reconciled with each other, leading to fragmentation of the course. It concerns not only design, but also video lenght (for example videos on constructive journalism were way too long) and lack of a sigle thread going through all the videos and supplementary materials. It seems that the course has been made in a hurry.
As an introduction to positive psychology, the course material did seem a bit random. The topics covered were certainly interesting, but as they exclusively reflected the interests and activities of Marty Seligman and his Post-Docs at UPenn, the course provided a somewhat skewed sample of information that was a bit odd to present in an introductory course. Also many of the technical details were off. Quiz questions were repeated, sections of videos were cut off at random, and the time estimates were often way off. Having said all of that, I did learn a lot!
The course is an easy introduction to positive psychology. I found the addition of post-doc and experts to be disjointed and that they could have been introduced better. Context as to why these experts were part of the course would help. I also feel the course lacked an overall structure, power point slides, and more good quiz questions. The activities were helpful and I have incorporated them into my life.
The course was way too basic. Maybe, few more papers, names of books, articles could be shared.I was specially bored of Constructive Journalism and Spirituality bit.I loved all of Seligman's sessions, Big data in Psychology, Resilience and Open Experience bits.May be include more Profs in the course - Barbara Fredrickson, Tal Ben-Shahar, Shaun Achor, Angela Duckworth and the like.
The first two weeks were excellent because they provided valuable information about the basic concepts of Positive Psychology. As the course continued, I felt it moved away from these basics into related topics that themselves could be specific courses. Additionally, we heard from other speakers but I wanted my teacher to be primarily Martin Seligman.
My rating is not for the course but the course price. I had to pay for the entire specialisation to just take this one course. Dr. Seligman should see that his course at least here, is affordable. That would be philanthropy and not force people to pay for the entire specialisation.
Easy to follow, but did stray into the theological space in the end.  Overall, I would recommend this course if you are looking for a broad summary of the topic.  Seligman is certainly vibrant and engaging, the other presenters less so.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and consider it a good induction to Positive Psychology.  It has given me the foundation and interest to pursue further studies and I am particularly interested in the research.
Really good beginning, but then kind of veered off into tangents.  Would have preferred a deeper dive into the practices, research, and applications of Positive Psychology in a therapeutic setting.
I did not receive the support that I required .I believe that the course and the quizzes were translated in French . It is taking me too long to even follow a module .
I think you need more practical information and not so much theorical information, also i would like better use of the audiovisual ressources.
Technical issues, and listening to Dr. Seligman gurgle were the problems that I had in this course. If worked out, I would give it a five.
I enjoyed the content but really want to know HOW to implement things like learned optimism and mindfulness.
The Instructor seemed very knowledgeable in the course materials.  But this course was way over my head.
This course is more an advertisement to Positive psychology.. No practical methods are thought..
There was a lot of repetition among the speakers on what they covered in their section.
Starts good ends rather, well, boring
I's a bit slow
This course gives a good overview of positive psychology based on research methods and findings. At the same time, it didn't emphasize how to apply positive psychology in real life (except some isolated mentions like ACR). I'd recommend it for those who want to get an idea of this field, not those who want practical applications. Maybe the following courses in this series will focus more on applications/interventions.
Too much about professor's theories and their promotions, less practical exercise or methods.
I was a little disappointed that there was so much content overlap from Flourish but there was also new content. There are many typos in the captioning. There are also some timing errors with the video and the quizzes. And one major but in module one for reviewing the final exercise. Lastly, some of the quiz questions were typical "test taking tricks" rather than testing your knowledge, they are testing your ability to test. That's just cheeky.
This is a great overview of what we can look forward to delving more deeply in to once we get into the more specific classes. I did watched Tal's 1504 Harvard Course before taking this course and I wish that more time had been spent on love and relationships because I found that to be a high point of the lecture series. I really liked learning directly from the Master and hearing from the various experts in the field. Like a survey course, we had the opportunity to learn a lot at once and to see how big Positive Psychology is. I would have liked a stronger framework throughout the course. I think PERMA is the foundation of Positive Psychology and I would have liked to see it hit in every discussion of the ways that Positive Psychology applies to different disciplines. It was a huge treat to watch the scientists present what matters to them and to read their published works. This course is really digestible and, maybe that's why I initially gave it three stars, it left me wanting more. I feel  like I only scratched the surface, which compels me to continue to the next course. I'm also really excited by how this course inspires me to want to make a difference in my field, to want to bring PP to education based on where I feel that it can make a difference. This is a great course!
Respected everyone, I was immensely grateful to Coursera and Pennsylvania University for giving me the opportunity to do this course, Positive Psychology: Martin E.P. Seligman's Visionary Science. I was totally wondering by holding the Valuable Certificate of Pennsylvania University (along with Coursera) how much it worth to me and to my future well-being and career achievements. I deeply appreciate the author Dr. Martin Seligman for his work on Positive Psychology and it through education for the global well-being. Thankyou sir. I would like to suggest everyone, of different fields and countries to do this course for their well-being and surroundings. I challenge and sure about that it will definitely bring an intense change in your life and living. Thanks again Pennsylvania University and Cousera, thankyou all.
Research-focused, lots of examples given of different studies that were conducted. Sometimes the video topics didn't connect well from one to another - it would jump into another topic and you could tell there was a large amount of material in between that was omitted, which disrupted the flow and made it hard to have a good grasp of the full picture. Would have liked to see some more practical applications in the closing remarks. The course just kind of ended, with no real takeaways given to the common person. It seems like it's all about researchers testing and finding insights in various branches rather than actually benefiting regular people. Otherwise, everything was interesting and well-presented. Engaging and thoughtful. Enjoyed it overall.
I enjoyed the applications section (such as stats from researches and journalism bit).I think the introductory theory could have contained more information, such as further understanding on each aspect of PERMA. However the course made a compelling argument in favour of Positive Psych, inspired me for personal reflection, as well as to read more similar courses. I'd like to hear more (especially from the conceiving propounder) about where this new branch puts the role and usefulness of the old way of practicing psychotherapy.
Great introduction and overview of positive psychology with the founder and his team! No heavy textbooks or papers but short videos featuring the major studies with findings and real world application. I especially like the hands-on assignments. Didn't give five starts because a few of the links (I think two or three) were broken. Some of the interactive essay/short answer questions are the same as the assignment/quiz questions. I think this is unnecessary. Also a reference list for the  studies mentioned would be great!
It's a great course that brings out many scientifically interesting and personally useful topics. Martin Seligman is a wonderful professor; I really enjoyed personal examples he shared and enthusiasm seen in him. Thank you so much! What I would suggest to the course makers is to put practical exercises as the first video of each week, so students have the entire week to make the exercises. I would also like to see more peer-graded assignments - I enjoyed reading and learning from others! All in all, a very good course!
Love the different perspectives. Looking forward to the other courses. But I wonder how I could help other people with positive psychology as a mental trainer/ coach. It's really hard when people are under a lot of pressure to teach them something new. I need some quick wins, to convince them to change some of their habbits otherwise I loose their faith and interest in the science I'd like to promote. I truly beleive we have to invest in mental health just as much as in fysical health, perhaps even more...
Interesting course on a super hot subject with interesting lectures. I would give it five stars if it was more focused on methods that could be applied in professional situations and a little less focused on the history of the field of positive psychology. An idea for improvement is to provide more of the history in form of additional reading material and to focus the lectures more on the application of methods in various fields such as personal development, organizational development, journalism etc.
This course started very well and I learned really a lot: optimism/pessimism, PERMA etc. But than it went so much into other theoretical fields which have nothing to do with us, e.g. religion or journalism. I understand, that these topics might be clarifies in the following courses of the specialization, but most of people don't want to go so much into the details.Still, I learned really a lot about very new field for me and I don't regret starting this course at all.
First 2.5 weeks where much more interesting, orginised and direct than last 1.5 week. However, the cousre did a very good introduction to the topic / problems and research related to the field. Look forward to learn further and moreMartin Saligman - personal deep thank you for what you started doing. Also, interested to learn more about Positive Education and possibly get involved. As one of the things I want to do in life is contribute into development of Education.
It is a good introductory course. I would have liked a bit more detail on research findings and more exercises to enhance well-being. The transcripts of the videos aren't good--lots of mistakes. It's like the sound was plugged into some transcription software and nobody QC'ed it. Also, some of the answers to questtions on the quizzes are debatable. The presenters are good and certainly experts in their field. This makes the poor quality elsewhere more frustrating.
The content is very good. It feels like I am taking a regular course online. I only have a couple issues... when it is required to respond to a classmates work before you can complete the section, it doesn't let you. Many times there is no student to respond to which is the problem. And lastly, the phone app starts you over when you move out of it to stop for the day. I have have to go back to the beginning and scroll to find out where I left off.
Some great material in here, including some very useful exercises (WWW and ACR, for instance). It would get the full five stars if there were more references to support some of the findings, and to allow for further independent study. The session on positive journalism would be better if it was made more relevant to the 99.9% of us who are not journalists, and if there was more of an evidence base for some of the ideas being promoted.
This course helps you envision a more upbeat future full of
opportunities, thus shifting the typical focus from a distressful
present and a traumatic past. It covers a myriad of different issues, and
perhaps because of that specific topics are not explored in much depth, but the
course is great to gain a general overview of the many different fields within
positive psychology and to get a feel for the current state of the art.
This course has been most interesting and enriching. There is a great deal of valuable information and knowledge/research shared. This course is a very useful and interesting introduction to the field of Positive Psychology. The nature of the 'assessment' is not very challenging. Perhaps a more stimulating means of assessment would lead to being more engaged with the highly valuable content presented.
I enjoyed the class and learned a good deal. I felt like the quizzes had questions with answers which were misleading and not 100% accurate. So, a few frustrations there led to my rating of 4 instead of 5. The range of subjects and history of positive psychology were both very extensive and helpful for me to start this certification program. Lastly, a little more humor would be appreciated.
[+] This course offers a good insight, both concepts and hand-on tools, to orient towards Positive Psychology. The course offers hand-holding through the journey, while helping understand the concepts and assessing our-self, and offers ample relevant references to bring clarity on the topics.  [-] Few videos could be edited to cut short and to include summary of key topics discussed.
Loved the content and videos but some of the quiz questions seem out-of-sync with the material given. The questions are often overly wordy which makes it difficult to understand the intent of the query. And some "correct" answers range from unclear why they are correct, to partially correct, to flat out wrong. Obviously, this is frustrating and distracts from the overall experience.
Liked: Good use of lectures, youtube videos, and links to read. Exercises to try for yourself and share with others. Encouraged participation. Teachers are well-spoken and comfortable on camera. Dislikes: Some irrelevant information, not enough usable/practical knowledge but I'm guessing that's because it's the first course in the program. Looking forward for the next course.
A great and highly valueble introduction to PS. The course has offered my insights to the foundations of PS and how as a professional I can improve in key areas of my practice. Equally, from a personal point of view, the activities and exercises of the course added perspective and raised a number of questions for me to keep working towards wellbeing improvements.
Great Introductory course on Positive Psychology that includes a large amount of background on the subject, as well as a handful of tools and interactive steps to help with learning. I would have loved some more challenging activities, but I recognize that this is an introductory course, and I am looking forward to taking some of the other related courses.
This course did a good job of outlining core theories and discussing research applications and results. It also included day to day positive interventions that we can use in our daily lives.  I thoroughly enjoyed this course as a future psychologist and plan to use the theories and applications in my studies during graduate school and in practice.
It is a great course and I have learned many useful things. Just two reasons why I have not rated it with five starsThe training methodology is good but not excellent, and most importantThe section dealing with religion do not have in my view the same scientific level that you perceive in all other sections. It seemed pretty biased
This is more of a general introduction of what positive psychology is compared to other schools of psychology that have been established, but some skills are also introduced that we can practice in daily life. The lecturer is one of the founding fathers of positive psychology, which makes these courses valuable resources to learn.
Generally good. Journalism part was not science based and dragged on way to long. There was a minor bit of missing material and coursera does not care about providing it. No response at all from coursera, moderators, or instructor if problems arise. But overall I encourage people to take it. Very interesting and inspiring!
The course has provided me with a great insight on Positive Psychology, a field of study I was not familiar with. It helped me understand the basis of it and how science supports it with evidence. Receiving the knowledge from the founder of Positive Psychology was definitely key to the success of this course.
Very good intro to positive psychology.  Enough information and concepts to keep me engaged but not overwhelm me.  Good flow of the topics and touched on many aspects.  The delivery is a little bland for me though - lecture based; it could use other more engaging mechanisms (e.g. visuals, videos, etc.).
This was a great introductory course, but I really think it needs to be reassessed for assessment errors. Many of the embedded video questions and quiz questions + corrections are not logical and incorrect. However, overall, I loved Dr. Seligman's lectures and most of the course was very insightful!
The course was very informative and allowed me to open my eyes to the world of positive psychology. Unfortunately the final lesson did not give me more inspiration with the topics that were introduced. I would have loved to learn more about how it is being used in education or in the workplace.
I really appreciated the wide range of topics in the course (from Big Data to examples from schools). I benefited not only for my personal life but also for my professional life. It was a very good introduction and know I am ready to learn more. Some articles could have been updated.
Overall the  material helpful. The tests though did seem a bit flawed when needing to answer with a typed in one word answer. I typed in the appropriate answer and was told it was wrong but when the answers were given it was in fact correct. It was a bit like reading a good book.
Really enjoyed it. Lots of interesting factors. Having read Flourish and one or two books on the topic, I was already familiar with many of the things in this course. That is why I gave it a 4* - more a reflection of my enjoyment than the quality of the course.
Excellent course! Only reason not giving 5 stars was that I know some of the basics of positive psychology and the pace could have been faster. Technically a challenge was that when I followed videos offline, the status did not always update to the online.
Structurally I wasn't always sure how a chapter related to the overall intro to Positive Psychology, it sometimes felt a little disjointed. But overall it was well put together, and I appreciated having both text and audio. I learned a lot, thank you!
I really enjoyed the course. It was such a great experience  I can trace the change in my personality, my approach, and my insights . The positive psychology course not only influenced the well being of my life but it promoted my surroundings also.
It's amazing course. Even though there are lots of words I don't know, it not influence my enjoyable learning. I am not sure I could understand all of the points, but I have learned something which is very important for me, that's enough, thanks!
I enjoyed this introductory course.   I am keen to learn more as I progress over this specialisation course.  The course is nicely laid out, and is well presented by the lead Doctor Seligman.  He is very charismatic and wonderful to listen to.
Definitely had some good take home messages. If you go through the whole course, some of the big data stuff at-the end would make it easier to persuade people that adopting the practices, of which many of us have heard-before a lot easier.
Great learning experience!  I  enjoyed Dr. Seligman's lectures and presentations.    My only observation is that I couldn't reach for an instructor to  answer my question in the forum.  Maybe there is a different way to access assistance.
Was really interesting, can listen to MR. Martin Seligman's lectures for hours, the only part that I didn't really find that amazing was about Journalism since there were not so many new thoughts or ideas. Thank you very much anyway!
It was a very useful course. The very concept of 'positive psychology' is exciting and gives new insight. The way of organizing the course was very good. Lectures were interesting. Thank for providing such a nice course
In the end the course was boring. I really wanted to know more about the optimism research and the HERO acronym give by professor Seligman himself regarding positive psychology. I wanted more from the course.
This course not only gives a better  perspective to make one's own life positive and good  but the ideas and research shared have huge potential for making ones society one's community a happier place to be.
The course is well designed but it is hard to make notes. There is no summary words or point in every video. Anyway, recommend for everyone who is interested in positive psychology , this course is great!
Very interesting course to learn the basic history, philosophy and applications of Possitive Pyshology. It is an estimulating first step to enroll in the other courses to deep more in this field. Thanks!
This is a great course! Quite inspiring, a very complete set of knowledge to get an idea about the discipline of positive psychology. I would love to get more information about interventions though.
I really enjoyed it.  I thought it overlapped with other related courses that I took earlier which lessened some of the ah ha moments for me.  I particularly liked having a range of presenters.
A great course that puts you in the way of better health and well-being through a set of positive interventions for
cultivating positive emotions, thoughts and behaviors in our lives.
It is a really helpful course, and useful well-covered introduction to the field of positive psychology. Looking forward to continue learning from the next modules of the certificate!
I really enjoyed this course although I wish there were more tangible "tools" I could take into my coaching business to help clients achieve higher well-being and happiness.
the course is excellent ,, but I suggest a little improvement like including a workbook with practical steps on how to use positive psychology in our lives and communities
Very inspiring course. I learned lots. I definitely have a new perspective on things. One of the negatives is how the scientific background of some skills is a bit vague.
Thank you Dr. Seligman for letting other (overseas) learn from your work and experiences with a humble yet professional attitude.Loved the Constructive Journalism topic!
This was my first online learning experience and I found the presentation easy and insightful and will definitely continue to explore other learnings through Coursera
Really interesting course about how positive emotions can have a powerful impact on mind and body. The lecture propose some exercise throughout the course as well.
Excellent course highly reccommended for everyone who wants to grow the well being. I would only reduce a little bit the DATA part, apart from that, GREAT!!!
I found the course very informative and a huge addition to my knowledge base. I am certain that it shall also impact the person that I am.
Fascinating and whetted my appetite for more. I'm not convinced by the rigour of the assessments but I'm willing to be proven wrong ...
It was a really different than the courses I normally take but i enjoyed it completely, looking forward to similar courses, thank you.
A little dry In spots, but overall an enlightening four weeks. I appreciated the variety of Instruction and the breadth of material.
Its a great course and exposes you to your thinking. It often makes you introspect how you feel and how you perceive information.
I found the course EXCELLENT!!! However I think you should review it, since some subjects are repetitive in different modules.
Exciting introductory course to the field of positive psychology from some of the most prominent figures within the area.
Excellent course. Well presented, thought provoking and entertaining! Gives a broad yet focused overview of the science.
My first completed coursers course... It was a challenge and fun... Thanks for the gentle nudges and help...
Great introductory course with super interesting exercises. I felt there should be more such exercises.
I like this training. I found week 4 a bit too much and technical. The video's should be a bit shorter.
A lot of review from Seligman's book: Flourish, but some new items that were interesting and helpful
It is a very interesting course. For me it's difficult, because it takes me long time to understand.
Fantastic introduction, it's a pity that there is not enough literature shared to go more in depth
Positive Journalism was very drab and boring. The rest of the modules were very interesting.
The information provided was interesting, thought-provoking, and left me wanting more!
At times redundant, nevertheless gave me a better understanding of myself and others.
Interesting course but it would be better with more depth and less self promotion.
Some of the lectures were dry and perhaps adding graphics might improve the format
The course gives very good overview and understanding of positive psychology is.
++ Very good course, eager to follow with the other // - A lot of links broken
There should be some place at the platform to do questions and evacuate doubts
Want more in depth study.  Want to go into the process of coaching PERMA.
It's very interesting topic to bring into awareness. Highly recommended!
Informative. But, I had expected more depth since I had read his books.
Visionary and inspiring knowledge. Gives the appetite to learn more!
Very good. I just wish that there were more hours and assignments.
A course that leaves an impact long after its completion!!
The key skill I take-away from this course i OPTIMISM and
Good information but not very applicable to daily life.
It was great and Dr. Seligman is a great professor!
This is a good course. I find it very practical.
this was a good and interesting course
Sets foundation for future courses
Great content. Easy to navigate.
very good study guidance
its so good
It gives you the basics that you need to understand Positive Psychology concepts, it gives you an opportunity to interact with other learners in forum discussions, it gives you 'homework', positive interventions you can practice at home or work, it's easy to follow, overall it's an excellent course if you need to be introduced in the field of Positive Psychology.
This course has been an eye opener for me to the possibilities and options of changing culture and behavior, not solely basing on past experience of individuals but with more focus on future choices.
A complete visionary in the world of psychology. His concepts and skills should be taught in every classroom and are a great path for anyone looking to improve their overall life experience.  I wish I had learned all of this sooner.  Awesome!
I loved this course. Not only is the information and research on Positive Psychology interesting  and inspiring, it is practically useful, too!
Enlightening course about a topic that is well needed. Love the concept that not only is there another side to psychology, but that there are actually tools that we can use on a regular basis that enable and empower us to be happier.
Very self-enhancing. Activities are fun and at the same time a good avenue for learning experiences. Very positive and student engaging. Thank you for giving me the chance to be part of this course =)
The last school I worked at introduced Positive Education over two years ago and the whole process resonated with me in every way. It helped teachers open up themselves, their weaknesses, their strengths and how they would like to improve to better their students. When I came across this course, it was an easy decision and well worth the time. I will continue to practise the work myself. I have introduced it to my children each night through one of the processes that I learned and I would like to pass it onto students and eventually do more training in this area and get a whole school involved, possibly a larger organisation doing it.
I like the course material.  I would like to suggest the format to be changed.  Currently there is too fragmented with too many interruptions.  It would be better to run the lectures more consecutively.
A perfect course for aspirant Positive Psychologist. This course change the way I perceive the challenges of life. Learning the Theory of PERMA is very fascinating and beneficial for happy well-being!
Glad to learn lot of experimental positive psychology tools to use in day to day life and helped to practice positive psychology coaching through this course. Thank you Coursera for this opportunity.
This course was so interesting, engaging, relatively easy concepts to follow, and also impactful. Applicable to people with all interests!
It gives me power to look at this world with a different eye.
Positive psychology is exceedingly important to me, as a psychologist who has worked in a variety of inpatient, residential and outpatient facilities. I understand the importance of helping clients via a focus on what positives she or he has and others positives can beI developed.  I've run some marathons, and found  that I just need to keep on running, no matter how many may pass me in the process.   When you run under the 26.2 mile finish line. the rest of the race, being passed, etc.. becomes less important.  There is the story of a boy trying to toss a baseball up in the air and hit it with his bat.  The boy keeps tossing it up, albeit, missing the ball.  Rather than pessimism and failure, he proudly says aloud, "What a great pitcher I am!"  My clients often focus on mistakes,  failures, other people's comments about them - including family.  I love positive psychology.  Could not agree more that the focus must be on our positives. versus trying overcome our shortcomings!  That is my focus as a psychologist.  Dr. Seligman has developed an extremely important way of looking at things.  I also like Behavioral Activation Therapy (not behavior therapy).  Rather than focusing on the downside,  behavioral activation assigns the client to go do X, Y, Z - of his or her choosing, as long as it is healthy and positive.   Example,, a depressed person can focus on being depressed, isolated from other, lack of positive experiences.  But the depressed person very often decides to not go to the friends birthday party, and shuts him or herself in their room - all alone.  Behavioral Activation - assigns them to go anyway.  Being home alone in one's room make depression worse. going  anything (unless it is a mean group of peers, who tend to ridicule him or her - if so -- the goal is to find those who are not like that).  Yet CBT (a very good therapy) is often shoved to the head of the line.  I strongly recommend Behavioral Activation Therapy, which is a key treatment at an inpatient center in Wisconsin.  Thank you for your time, in reading this message.
This is incredible. For four years or more, I wanted to enter the Masters Program. I am in my 60's, and got my BS in 2006 during evening classes at Chestnut Hill College. I began a Masters in Spirituality at the College, but it was cancelled out. I put it to rest but kept thinking about this course. Totally interested, I went online and saw that I would need Statistics. I just couldn't fathom doing so and put it aside. Last month, I googled Dr. Seligman again and to my surprise, this course was available. It is like the "I am double parked version" of his Degree Program(which at times I am), but I found it a gift. And of course, NO STATISTICS. Even though I recently married a Statistician.
I would like to thank Dr. Seligman and all the course instructors for their valuable insights about positive psychology and how important is it for personal, national and global well being. I have started this personal journey of broadening my understanding about this science and how it could be used to heal myself and others and infuse the concept of hope and seeing goodness in one's own self and others, and building on those strengths. Thanks coursera team for providing me the financial aid to complete this course and i look forward to your support for helping me complete this specialization, which then i can spread to people who i work with and care for.
I express my gratitude to everyone who prepared this course, especially Martin Seligman. It was a pleasure for me to learn from you. Your course is available for people like me, with not the best English :) A lot of useful information and exercises that I already use in my life and in working with clients.
Excellent and succint explanation of the history, objectives, trends and branches of Positive Psychology. And to learn with the man himself and other leading researchers is a one-of-a-kind experience.
Dr Seligman is a very charismatic professor. He presents the course in a very interesting and engaging way. I enjoyed the coursework as well as the reading. I will be delving further into the subject.
First of all, I want to Express my deepest gratitude to You for your faith in me. For the opportunity to take your course. Your course has helped me during this difficult period of life that we all go through, related to the COVID-19 epidemic.What makes my life worth living? – good question, it's like thinking about the meaning of life. I think the meaning of life is just to live. I enjoy every moment of it, I must try to be here and now, so as not to miss the smallest details of every beautiful moment. The past is an experience, the future is not known. You should try to enrich your life with beautiful moments, a positive attitude, help other people, and be a spiritual person. Take care of our neighbors and our little brothers. He treats nature with love and saves it as much as possible.What does it mean for me to live a good life? Kindness, justice, joy, health, happiness, friendship, relationships, and much more fill our lives and make them wonderful.What strengths and practices you will now be able to develop in order to create an upward spiral of prosperity in your life and for those you love? – I will try to find pluses in everything, take care of my mental state, help people, try to be more positive and good-natured.
This course was excellent.   I wanted to understand how Positive Psychology differed from other approaches in Psychology and I got a really solid basis of understanding that and also an in depth view of the applications, science and research that underlies this revolutionary approach to understanding how to develop more resilient and stronger human beings.  The lectures, supporting material and scope of the course facilitated learning and understanding of Positive Psychology.   My only disappointment was that I took a survey about well being and after taking it twice, I didn't receive the language cloud promised from my Facebook page.   I waited over 45 minutes before abandoning the page with the hour glass.  However learning about language clouds and how they are advancing research in Positive Psychology was awesome!
This is a really useful course for self-development and for application in daily life and working life. In fact, you can't do a course like this without improving your approach to life in general. In some sense, it packages the kind of stuff you discover through life lessons. That's great news if you're young or worried you've been a slow learner in that department. The benefit of doing a course like this is that you can hopefully avoid some unnecessary trauma and learn from the smaller dramas of life instead. I've found it useful for re-framing my life experiences and moving the wisdom of maturity along just that little bit further. I still pull myself up, from time to time, for taking unproductive mental routes and actions; but that's what it is to be human: we learn until the end, every step of the way.
I really enjoyed this course and felt like it enriched my knowledge and understand of positive psychology. The lectures were interesting and varied, and it was great to have guest appearances from researchers in diverse areas of the discipline, from constructive journalism to the impact of big data. I thought the exercises were well scattered through the course. I think the only area for improvement would be in the nature and extent of the feedback obtained for the first assignment. I provided very detailed feedback for the assignments that I reviewed, and was a little surprised by the very brief feedback I received for my own assignment. Finally, the fact that I could complete this course from my home office in Sydney made me feel grateful just about every time I started another module or section.
This course was a complete eye-opener.  I can't believe that it has not been more widely utilized and acclaimed.  The results that have been documented coming from Positive Psychology are outstanding.  I believe every city government should become aware of it.  The crime rates and the incidence of suicide in the US could be seriously reduced.  The materials were extremely well presented.  Navigating the website was, at times, a challenge.  Perhaps that might be attributed to my age, 76, and the fact, it was my first online study experience.I'm looking forward to the remaining courses in this Positive Psychology curriculum.Many thanks!!
Wow, just wow! Absolutely LOVED this course and what an honor to learn from the Positive Psychology founder himself, Martin Seligman. I had been briefly introduced to Positive Psychology by Wellness Coaching Australia when I was studying for my Professional Certificate, and was fascinated to learn more. My brother had gotten a Diploma in Positive Psychology and I saw the way it changed his life for the better. This course was so incredibly insightful and jam-packed with all the goodness behind the science of well-being. I was continually excited by what I was learning and so grateful to you for presenting such a wonderful course.
To hear about Positive Psychology from the horse`s mouth is indeed a privilege.  As an introductory course, it is very well designed and delivered.  I have been impressed with and influenced by hearing Prof. Martin Seligman, PhD at the World Conference on Appreciative Inquiry at Kathmandu, Nepal which he addressed live over conference call.  Doing a course with him and successfully and meritoriously completing the same is indeed a privilege for me.  Thanks Prof. Martin.  I look forward to further support in specializing in Positive Psychology at a PhD level and taking Positive Psychology forward in vernacular languages in India.
Everyone should take this course. Knowing positive psychology gives you knowledge how to evaluate your emotional state and get to know what exercise you can practice to improve your well-beings and help others around you. After  this course, you will also know the application of positive psychology before and now, and work in process which will flourish in the future. These applications has changed and will keep affecting people in the world with or without our recognition. Positive psychology influences individuals, brings changes to communities  and hopefully will play a role in policies making and education.
A short introduction to the amazing discovery of Positive Psychology, explained by Doc. Seligman and his colleagues. A perfect, stimulant asset to approach a difficult subject and to get a scientific view of a not so mentioned side of psychology. I really appreciated all the contents proposed and the several opportunity to debate and reflect on the different lessons. It's a very complete course starting from the first historical steps, then going through all the experiments, practices and main theories until now. Highly recommended to anyone interested in how to improve human well-being in an empirical way.
I hope Dr. Seligman and his team could further improve the maturity of Positive Psychology, and make it easier for both professionals and parents to use. I wonder if a manual could be developed to help / guide parenting from pre-K through puberty to kid's adulthood.

Finally, I want to empathize this is a life-saving course for me and my family. I really really appreciate Dr. Seligman's wonderful achievement and teaching this online course by himself. I want to thank Coursera.org for their great efforts inviting Dr Seligan and his team here. 

I will try my best to spread the core concepts to my community.
Thank you Coursera  and University of Pennsylvanian for giving me this amazing opportunity to access this awesome course and learn from the best of professors, researchers and all those who have been working tirelessly behind the scenes to put together this well designed curriculum. This course  as helped  me to align with my priories in my life and to reach out to  people and make even a small difference to the society by finding hope in every uncertain and unforeseen situation. Thank you for bringing back the importance of positive thinking on top of my list. Thank you so much ever grateful.
I am a professor of social work and took this out of curiosity without expecting to be as excited and challenged by the material as I was. This course really expanded my knowledge and my way of thinking about positive psychology and psychology in general, even though these were areas I had knowledge in already. I highly recommend this to anyone with the slightest interest-- you will be hooked after the first lecture. The course is incredibly well done, steeped in science, offers personal growth experiments, and is of the highest quality. I am impressed and grateful for the opportunity.
I've completed Science of Happiness on EdX and Positive Psychology with Barbara Fredrickson before but found this course to be different and non repetitive. I learned new things and I found it to be very comprehensive, science based and illuminating. Exercises were difficult and really made me think. And I am taking away a couple of new ideas, fresh perspectives and useful exercises. It's an excellent course and I wish it could be developed into a full degree programme on Coursera, which would be cheaper than doing it at uni. Thank you, everyone, who worked on this course.
The course on Foundation of Positive Psychology is very inspiring. I am happy and honoured to have the opportunity to take the lesson given by Prof Seligmen. Other speakers are very professional too. I feel extraordinarily concentrated when taking this online course as I do not have to worry about the traveling, the disruption of daily schedules as the time I spent on the course is fully under my control, the possible distraction from classmates and the environment, etc. Also, because English is not my first language, I appreciate the transcripts offered by the course.
Thank you for the opportunity of taking this course. Contributed to take action, made me understand better  the way to build  strength and also use our virtues,  add more awareness and  value to improve life.I found this course very well structured and useful, videos and written material.  I found a way to reinforce to help myself and others close to me. I wish to carry on studying and learning more in depth the field Positive Psychology, I want to be able to practice as a professional therapist and give actual help.Congratulations! Great workAlexandra
This was such an engaging and interesting course. The material was very well prepared, case studies made it easy to relate to and understand concepts. I particularly like how every philosophy or theory was backed up by a scientific method and data. Or should i say the findings were a result of looking at data objectively.This is an inspiring and useful course to take regardless of what field or industry you are in. It provides a framework with which to be a better teacher, student, manager, parent, boss, friend or even son/daughter. Highly recommended.
Very eye opening.  Flips many of the ways we humans have see the world on their head, in a very good and needed way.  I appreciate the variety of topics:  education, spirituality, journalism, the theory of PERMA.  I appreciate the teaching of Active Constructive Responding as an everyday method to use to build upon positive experiences and build relationships.  A great deal of revolutionary insight, grounded in reality.  It is so very refreshing and uplifting to see positive concepts about how to live being verified,  confirmed, and explained.
I enjoyed the course. I feel that for the vast majority of people this course will help them understand and re-frame their world into a better direction. There is a bit more history and propaganda regarding the field than I would have preferred including some things about the future and theology that seemed a bit irrelevant and out of place for my taste. That being said, I think it's fine for them to include given the quality of the content which was indeed relevant and beneficial, and how much the course will otherwise be helping people.
I had a wonderful time learning about Positive Psychology. I really enjoyed the way Dr. Seligman explains about the subject. I have a feeling that what i will learn thrugh the specialisation is going to be life transforming for me. Those small small gaps in my life that were just there, inconspicuous but restraining ....they are going to be filled in....making my life more meaningful for myself and for the people around me. I will finally be able to make the changes in my life that uptill now kept slipping from my hands......Thank you.
It is a
very rich course in terms of its content. This course will make us understand
the real psychology beyond the worldly and societal perception. The course
reflects on real meaning of well being, how it is important with the help of
real examples rather than only notes and knowledgeable thing.  This course is not only for psychology, or
humanities people, it is meant for whole humanity to understand the essence of their
own mind, life and happiness. I am heartily thankful that I got an opportunity to
complete this course
I want to thank the whole team for this quality course. I have learned a lot of what is new and what is going on in positive psychology.  I am in awe how it has spread since 1999 and the potentialities it has for improving the planet's wellbeing. I am amazed of the great work professor Seligman started and has been continued and enlarged by talented students/coworkers/researchers. Positive psychology is a crucial contribution to humankind. Maybe one of the most important contributions from psychology to the world.
I had some knowledge about positive psychology, so I thought this first course might be more of a review for me, but I found that it was an excellent reminder of many things and deepened my learning. And I gained fresh knowledge of important and fascinating new fields, such as constructive journalism and big-data psychology. One thing that stood out for me is that all of the speakers are highly eloquent. It was intellectually soothing to listen to them. I also like their conversational style. Very approachable.
I feel glad that I joined this course. I am thankful to professor Seligman , Penn university and coursera for making available such a beautiful science in a very simple yet attractive manner in various forms of lectures, videos, discussions and assignments and making the course really enjoyable. I am feeling really happy to receive the certificate of completion from PENN University. Eager to join the next course at the earliest as while doing this course the Positive Emotions in me raised to a greater level.
I thoroughly enjoyed Dr. Seligman's course and found it to be insightful, meaningful and inspirational. Each week's module builds well on the previous module and proves to be more and more informative. I can see many ways to utilize the information learned in this course in both my personal and professional life.  This has been so very inspirational and I am looking forward to continuing with this specialization. Thank you, Dr. Seligman, for sharing a part of you and your knowledge in such a wonderful way.
Thank you, Martin E.P. Seligman, University of Pennsylvania, Coursera for giving me an opportunity to be the part of positive psychology journey led by the none other than father of positive psychology Martin Seligman itself, for this I will be indebted forever. I thoroughly enjoyed the course and I recommended every individual irrespective of their affiliation to take this course and it is must for a psychology student. Thank you, Martin E.P. Seligman, Coursera, University of Pennsylvania Peeyush Anand
Excellent Experience!I am a very positive person by nature so I was naturally drawn to this course. The content, both videos and reading, was interesting and enjoyable. Each presenter had an expertise and excitement for their field that was obvious from the presentations. Dr. Seligman was particularly enjoyable. It was very cool to watch the father of Positive Psychology. I look forward to reading his books. And I am very excited to continue the Foundations of Positive Psychology Specialization.
One of the advantages of Coursera is that it gives you access to courses from world class professors like Martin Seligman, who personally I would most likely not have had a chance to meet in person. This introductory course was my first in Psychology and from some of the examples I've already been able to adapt positive interventions in both my personal and professional life and see them making a difference! I'm looking forward to the depth of such skills in next courses in the specialization.
I absolutely loved learning from the grandfather of Positive Psychology, Martin Seligman. For many years, I have dreamt of pursuing a master's degree with him in the field. Since that may not be a reality, this definitely fed my curiosity, provided me with new insights, gave me new perspectives for my coaching and leadership development practice and gave me a taste of just how powerful this field is in helping people create lasting change. I am so grateful I got to do this course. Thank you!
Three things I learned from this course: 1. Philanthropy takes effort but is the one thing that will immediately increase well-being2. There are fields that are being influenced by positive psychology that are practically influencing the world in the private sector3. Psychology is a science, and is just as valid a science as any other. Though many people doubt the research of psychology because of its stigma about "emotions," it is no less meaningful as its foundation lies in statistics.
This course was a great introduction to Positive Psychology. Seeing the way that Dr. Seligman exudes such a genuine belief and excitement in what has occurred over decades of research, trials, and implementation is refreshing and motivating. I appreciate that articles were linked that showed not only the supporters but also the naysayer's view of Positive Psychology. There is nothing to hide; the data prove the claims.I look forward to the rest of the courses related to this discipline.
excellent online course that brings wellbeing. It allows you to experience the PERMA dimensions of wellbeing (Positive Emotions - when following the course, Engagement - diversity of courses and tools used, Relationship -  you can see what other students also share , Meaning - need for more wellbeing in the world and Achievement - in reaching the certification). Thank you for this great inspiration. This course should e a must for all and applied in all professions.
This is an amazing course. I'm very luck to hear about Positive Psychology directly from Mr. Seligman and the other esteemed professors. I already have some of the references in my Audible library and finished Flourish, 2 days ago. I'm planning to listen to Ms. Duckworth book "Grit" next. Positive psychology basics along with neuroscience studies and self development information, are included in this course. Amazing people. profound knowledge. What a great Course!
Dr Seligman was most engaging and inspiring. I was so in awe of him and all he has done, not only for the field of psychology (a huge paradigm shift), but for the world in generally. He is an incredible thinker/researcher/innovator, outstanding presenter, his work is so meaningful/impactful, and he has created a legacy few in the world could ever hope to leave behind. It has been an honor and a privilege to learn from the great man himself. I am truly inspired.
The course was interesting and engaging.  I loved that it had former MAPP students or PHD researchers sharing their amazing work and interests.  The course was a good foundation and provided interesting overviews of applications in journalism, education and theology.  I have been working with these concepts for a few years and am beginning an executive coaching training.  I wanted to be sure I had a solid foundation of Positive Psychology and feel I got that.
I liked this course. Videos were just the right length. I really appreciate the fact that the primary lecturer is really Dr. Seligman. He is very easy to listen to. The other instructors are excellent, their passion really shows. They are enjoyable to listen to as well. I also liked the fact that you have unlimited opportunities to retake the small quizzes. I am enrolled in the Positive Psychology specialization and I am looking forward to the other classes.
Thank you very much for a thought provoking course.  I am a psychologist (graduated 2002) and found so much new information in this course, as well as new perspectives on old research that I had heard about before.  The section on fields that are being influenced by positive psychology was inspiring!  Just taking this class seemed to improve my outlook on life, increased my optimism about the future (and society), and improved my well being.   Thank you!
This is a great course, I highly recommend it! I am a university student and this provided a great overview of what positive psychology is, its roots and history, present practices and research, as well as future goals. It shows how impactful positive psychology and positive education are and how they have successfully been implemented into many different segments. This course should be taught in schools! It really gets people interested and thinking!
Excellent course! Even though, as a psychologist, I was already familiar with most of the presented concepts, I feel that professor Seligman and his assistants made the content engaging, asked excellent questions that generate discussion, and offered a lot of additional resources and content that I was not aware of before. I can only imagine then how enlightening this course is for someone who is encountering positive psychology for the first time.
Well-presented with a variety of lectures on many diverse topics related to Positive Psychology. Mind-broadening research paired with engaging story telling makes this course a pleasure to take. Thought provoking questions, quizzes and written assignments ensure you've captured the essence of what's being taught. I highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to better themselves and the lives of others in their families, work and communities.
I have really engaged in this course! I have been applying the apprenticeships in my day to day, sharing them with my wife, in order to improve our relationship and prepare to receive our first daughter. In addition, it has been a very important impulse to continue with my professional development as a teacher and researcher in sports education. I have renewed my commitment to introduce positive psychology in sports education for young people.
It was an absolute pleasure to learn about Positive Psychology from Dr. Seligman himself...The course was really insightful and helped me understand the basics of Positive Psychology and also areas where it can be applied and the impact thereof. I'm glad I enrolled for this program and am looking forward to attending the other programs in sequence to complete the Foundations of Positive Psychology specialization!Best regards, Vani Vasudeva
Dr. Seligman, thank you so much for doing the work you are doing. It has changed my life in many ways, especially by providing a framework for authentic happiness, built from evidence-based materials, polished with craftmanship. Most of all I thank you for being the instigator of a new and viable language about the positive side of being human. I know the work will make my life better going forward and I believe it's only begun. Good job.
Amazing, transformative course! I especially loved the filming style that put me in THE Martin Seleigman's actual classroom. This made the experience all the more real to me. He is a hero to me, and I felt like I got to take a class directly from him. This class was the perfect mix of didactic teachings and opportunities to weave my own personal experiences into the understanding of the course material. Really really stellar course.
This course is indeed a pre-requisite for anyone who wants to study positive psychology. Within four weeks, you can learn how this field will soon change the world. All the videos, materials and activities will help you to acquire the basic to average knowledge of the concepts under positive psychology. This will alter your view in psychology and will make you passionate to work towards the success of this visionary science.
A great course. I was already a devotee of positive psychology from reading books and journals by Martin. I have been practising positive psychology to some extent in my life already. However, this course offers the empirical rationale for consideration and implementation of positive psychology in our lives. This was a very innovative, interesting and compelling course that kept me on track, informed and engaged throughout.
Life changing!!! I loved the course because it is not fluff, but actual factually verified and tested methods to improve your well being. Understanding Positive Psychology on this level is a wonderful base from which to fcreate a life of flourishing! instead of running from self-help book to the next hot "guru", this course will teach you everything you need to know to lay the foundation of a life of flourishing. I love it!
Thank you!  Thank you for offering this course and all of its incredible insights.  I am honored and blessed to have. been able to participate in this course and learn from the father of positive psychology. His approach to improving the lives of others, I believe will go down in the annals of history as one of the biggest breakthroughs in the mind, body, and spirit connection to one's overall mental and physical health.
So energised to learn that this science has been in the making while I was struggling with the inadequacies of conventional psychology. So very grateful to Dr. Seligman for his enthusiasm and generosity of spirit in founding and sharing this learning. I do hope though that we can extend it's application even to communities that are not free and are  oppressed. That is what interests me as that is the need in my country.
I was delighted, stimulated, and excited that I  could have the opportunity to take this wonderful course online and not have to go to Philadelphia. I learned a lot and was very interested in all the applications of positive psychology in our society. I am taking course two and am enjoying it as well.But of course I wouldn't know of this course if I hadn't take Martin E.P's Seligman's Visionary Science course .
I loved it.  It engaged me and I felt the urge to continue working on it as much as possible.  Well structured with Videos AND text  to re-read and take notes.  Good mixture of videos and readings.  I also liked the personal assignments and inclusion of opinions. The lengths of each part , videos and texts, were very manageable.  It was nice to have a few different presenters and also links to other sources.
This course is wonderful in that it provides a comprehensive view about the development and implications of positive psychology, which is relatively new but very useful. I gained many insights on our well-being and the influencing factors. I was inspired about the infinite possibilities this subject has and aspire to further advance the course by introducing it to more people and doing research as well.
This was an amazing course. I would recommend it for any beginners who wish to know more about Positive Psychology, it's history and where the future is going. Having some knowledge of psychology can be helpful as there are terms referenced in the modules that are related to that industry, but I think the average person can figure it out. Thank you for creating this informative and inspirational course.
The course is an excellent introduction to positive psychology which was very much expected as it was being delivered by Prof. Martin E. P. Seligman. It offers insights into what has been done so far and what are its future directions. Personally, I am interested in applying positive psychology in the field of  higher education or organizational research and this course had given me a good head start.
One of the best courses I've ever taken till now! I did not know anything about Positive Psychology before enrolling to this course,  but after completing it I feel, everything taught in the 4 weeks duration has helped me a lot to improve my physical and mental well-being. It has truly given me a new perspective to look at day-to-day activities going around us. I strongly recommend it to everyone :D
I loved this course and the pure insight on life I gained. I have been taken psychology at Royal Melbourne and I felt that I attained more in this course. The models work and I have already effectively put them to work in my daily life. I would suggest this course to anyone in any field of study. Martin Seligman is a wonderful teacher and has a way of talking that makes you process the information.
So blessed to be able to have Dr Seligman's Positive Psychology Course- So many new concepts and knowledges in my mind, PERMA, VIA strenghs makes me know better my Strength and how to use better my top strength to fix the challenges, and 3 blessings before sleep habits and help others can increase our well being etc. I will apply all these into my life to inspire others to have better well-being.
The three most exciting or important things that I will be taking away from it with myself after I have reached the end of this course are 1) the way to create and simplify flourishment in my life. 2) Stable with positive mind to grow up my health body and reach to well-being life in the end. And 3) Keep and save to do something like philanthropic experience that a symbol of gratitude to people.
An excellent introduction to the broad science of positive psychology.  The format and content is laid out well and offers a good overview of how far reaching this perspective can actually be.What I appreciated most is that you can take as much out of the material as you put in; you can skim and get the gist, or you can dive deeply into the ideas and become far more informed than you expected.
The information in this course was revelation after revelation and really inspired with the knowledge of its practical applications out there in the wide world. Personally I also gained lots of knowledge and found the activities useful in restoring my own experience of PERMA daily. Thank you Dr Martin Seligman and colleagues for all of the wonderful contributions you are making to humanity.
I thoroughly enjoyed the first course.  I learned so much about Positive Psychology and its impact on the world of science.  I have always wanted to take a course on Positive Psychology and this course is helping achieve my goal.  It was amazing.  I discovered all of the different ways that Positive Psychology as impacted health, journalism and using social media platforms to collect data.
Lots of this course is of course the natural of who I am a natural ingredient based on a happy childhood, great friends, long relationships, but it also rewealed a gret deal about new foundings and possibilities, especially at times that has started to appritiate the oppositeMy qoute "When the world tells you you are a bad boy, tell it like it is not bad not bad at all and with a smile"
I have been able to identify and apply the few important strengths of mine, to comfortably glide along the not so comfortable situations that occurred during this short while. I wasn't successful every time. But with practice i am sure this skill will be soon learned and become a part of me.  Martin E.P.Seligman's Visionary Science is a good start of the Course in Positive Psychology.
Thank you for this course opening up my eyes to living more from a psychologically positive disposition. I hope to continue this rewarding coursework until I receive the completed specialization. This a great course, and it helped me immensely with reaching my personal goals to maintain optimism, and imagination, and my professional goals to become creatively employed in this field.
A marvellous course indeed! Positive Psychology is such a great, novel and proven concept that can bring magical improvements in our perception, thinking, feelings, behavior and relationships; transforming our whole life. The course modules are sequenced nicely that enable better learning. This course should be undertaken by all.  My sincere thanks to  Martin Seligman and his team.
Incredibly well taught.  this is a relatively new concept in human psychology and I for one am going to pursue it when I finis my Masters degree.Dr. Seligman is so easy to listen to as he lectures.  He makes it interesting and draws many pictures of his theories for you that you can't help but understand.I highly recommend this course and any other dealing with Positive Psychology.
To me it was a great
introduction into positive psychology, its foundations, interests, scope,
future and applications…from individual assistance to community behaviour and broad
media communication, to me it portraits an idea of how to look at your life and
your world, proposing deep insights and ongoing exercises to enhance ownership
to our own and our society’s wellbeing.
I really enjoyed this course in Positive Psychology. While it was just an introduction, you get a range of really in-depth research and learn the power positive psychology can have on an individual, community, and even nation. I am grateful for the impact this has had on my life and feel that I have more understanding and tangible skills to practice this in my own life.
This course is valuable if you want to grow more as a person. It will provide you with much information and practical tools to increase your own well-being and will provide food for thought about how you could contribute to the well-being of the larger community both in interpersonal relationships and in a professional capacity. I would recommend this course to anyone.
I've completed a certificate program in positive psychology and a coaching class in positive psychology, but what I enjoyed most about this program is learning from Dr. Seligman himself; the depth of the Future of Flourishing; and the hyperlinks to new information (though some links are broken).  I also appreciate the knowledge checks to cement my learning.  Well done.
I Love this course, it is allowing me to apply, expand and use these tools on the go, while sharing them and giving me a more optimistic outlook as I move forward. I am so grateful and feel privileged today to be here verses when I started, I was totally pessimistic not understanding that optimism and resilience can be learned at anytime!Infinite Gratitude and Love
This course did a nice job covering the growth and development of Positive Psychology as a science, some of the key models and components, as well as some of the current research that is moving this science to how it can impact not only individuals but communities as well through public health research, constructive journalism, and positive education interventions.
Excellent course. I have always looked to Seligman as a figure who I want my psychology career to be strongly influenced by and had dreamed of attending a lecture of his for the past several years. To have this experience through Coursera was incredible and informative, I look forward to applying everything I have learned to my future career and continued studies.
This was a thoroughly enjoyable and thought provoking course which allowed me to reflect on my professional and personal life. I have learned tips and strategies which I will use from now on to ensure I maintain a positive well-being. The knowledge which I have gained from this course will be used in my classroom to ensure the positive well-being of all students.
This course is a great opportunity to learn about the science of well-being, optimism and character strengths based on groundbreaking researches of Martin E. P. Seligman and his colleagues. Positive Psychology is inevitably a widespreading branch especially for today regarding to insufficient obsolete practices of pathologicalising psychological perspective.
This was a very well-designed course.  The lectures were informative, the materials usable and applicable for further studies, and the presenters, all investigators on various projects.  I enjoyed the course very much, and would recommend it for anyone who is interested to learn about new possibilities in psychology, and its application to various fields.
Excellent information presented in an efficient way. I really liked the fact that we were asked questions throughout in order to engage our learning. I also  felt it was great that each topic was presented by various short videos as I felt that this helped me concentrate more on the material rather than having to take loads of information in all at once.
Excellent presentation and, for me, alternative to searching for a psychologist who practices positive psychology for actual therapy! I am very much in need of exactly this type of therapy and, having been in therapy over the years, and working in the field of medicine for years, I feel like a sponge...this course speaks to me! Thank you, Dr. Seligman!
I throughly enjoyed this course; the way the course was presented, Dr. Seligman and his colleagues presentations, the articles, the exercises and the tests all combined to make this a very effective learning experiences.  Also, the topic of Positive Psychology is compelling and so helpful to people.  I am grateful for the opportunity to participate.
The course is not only beneficial for my occupation but also being a silver-lining for my challenging period of my private life with useful and theoretical & practical tips and exercises. Glad to learn PERMA model, 3 Blessings Exercises, Character Strengths tools, and especially glad to meet with Martin Seligman and his colleagues. Thank you uPeen!
always used to wonder why we always look at the dark side of things why not have a solution centric brighter approach . this course provides all tools to use this strategy , which i m already trying to do in a small way . have formed a group of 30 people and there each montn in a session we work on positive interventions , on a particular emotion
It is a excelent course, because change us by inside first to inspire and help people to change after that. I am very grateful for the opportunity that Penn State gave me. It is really useful knowledge to help us, the people around us and even the world. I am using that the best way I can. Beside that it share with the maximum people that I can.
If you have been  going too far in technology and modern life, this course will help you grounded. I will make this short, this course will remind you that you are human and you are encouraged to act like one in many aspect of your life. At the end of this course, hopefully you will know and understand yourself better beyond your job and degree.
I loved this course !  It exceeded my expectations and I learned so much.  This information will be very useful and applicable in my current professional role.  I can't wait to take the rest of the classes.  I was so disappointed that the campus program was so expensive but this turned out to be extremely gratifying and useful.  Thank you, thank
As a beginner to this field of study - I thoroughly enjoyed getting the foundations of what positive psychology actually is. It opened by eyes up to the field and how it's being applied in so many areas around the world. I felt engaged and connected to material (because I'm interested in it) and also with the quizzes and assignments. Thank you!
This  course is excellent! Not only does it provide a theoretical framework for understanding Positive Psychology. It also provides real-life interventions that demonstrate the effects of Positive Psychology. Finally, this course offers many classes with different professionals and teachers which enhances the diversity of the learning process.
I took the course because I had only recently heard the term Positive Psychology and was curious about it.  My curiosity is satisfied and I am intrigued to learn more and to incorporate the exercises taught.  I rated it a 5 because even if I did not continue on this learning journey, I have learned enough to improve the quality of my own life.
I have studied positive psychology in depth for several years, and taken several courses of study in the subject. This course enhanced and deepened my knowledge and understanding and gave me fresh perspectives and insight. It was well structured, very informative, and gave me food for thought that I will continue to benefit from over time.
It was a wonderful introduction to Positive Psychology. I will continue on to the other four courses. I wish I would have known I was getting graded I would have tried harder to get 90%. Thanks to all the great instructors. I have my reading material for the next year. Any chance there is a bibliography of all the sited articles and books?
I truly enjoyed this course. It was a great introduction to the field and study of positive psychology. I would have liked to have seen Dr. Seligman’s lectures in their totality rather than broken up between weeks. I appreciated all of the video contributors as well. I look forward to continuing with more courses in this specialization!
This is a fantastic course for anybody who is interested in Positive Psychology, the tools to increase well-being, and the application of Positive Psychology in various disciplines.. It provides a solid research and evidence based approach that shows the benefits of Positive Psychology for individuals, communities, and society at large.
This was my first Coursera class and I couldn't have selected a better one.  Professor Seligman's lectures make me feel like I'm in the back row of the classroom since he's so engaging.  This course had real world applications that are easily implemented.  Thank you all who contributed to allowing me the privilege of taking this course.
More than just a type of psychology study and application, it is an amazing philosophy of life. The course is very complete and offers high quality teachings with great professors and is totally worth of the time invested. You can get out of it not just knowing about it but most important, applying it and having clear and great results.
It is a course of hope. It brings you positive emotion during you are taking the course, learning through it and finished it. I am happy I did it. Dr Seligman is a wonderful tutor. He brings me a new angle to see the future. This course is amazing with a good explanation of what positive psychology is and what we can do better with it.
This was an excellent introductory course, which was engaging and interactive. Everybody should know about positive psychology. I found it very intriguing to explore the science of well-being and human flourishing, and I believe there is a lot of potential for its application around the world. I would definitely recommend this course.
This is a course that I really enjoyed! I founded inspiring and I felt it had a good balance between the lectures, reading, and also on the sharing. It made me take the time to reflect on the content, questioned myself and also review some of the lectures many times as they were very interesting and engaging. Great course. Thank you!
as a non-psychology major, i totally enjoyed this course.  It has changed my prospective about how I view myself and others.  I particullarly paid close attention on how it is so important to look for the best in every bad situation.. because it is there. "PERMA"  AND "PRAISE BE"  will continue to be by motto. Thanks Dr. Seligman!!!!
Awesome course offered by the pioneer of Positive Psychology- Martin Seligman. Great insight and depth of knowledge are being offered through this course. I truly loved it. I will practice all the terminologies that I learned in this course and apply it to our family's everyday life so that we can be better versions of ourselves.
This course is simply excellent. You begin by learning where we have erred in history and then go on to learn about how quickly and easily we can correct this. I took this course as a pre-curser to a Life Coaching course that I want to begin next year and now I just can't wait for it to begin because of what I now know about PP!
A course that i am so glad that i took.  Having being fascinated about this subject and the kind of changes that i am making in my life, this course itself has been a great positive intervention.A big thank you to  Prof Seligman and the entire UPen team along with coursera to broaden this science for the wellbeing of this world.
I found this course to be useful and powerful in creating new (for me) perspectives in psychology.  I also found it hopeful and inspiring, solutions-focused and simple. It gave a really good deal of self-focus type information - the kind that makes you want to know more and also makes you feel more grounded in your own identity.
wonderful introduction to this exciting field on Psychology... I definitely learned about my personal character strengths which helped me to really view myself and what I offer the world in a different way. Additionally, I had never heard of PERMA and I loved the concept so much, I shared it with my connections on social media!
As a practitioner and avid student, I truly enjoyed this course. It takes a very interesting turn in the second week and begins to delve into the applications and future of positive psychology. These are all as promising as they are fascinating. I mean, who doesn't want to think up ways to make people and communities happier?
I love to see Seligman talk, and all the good vibes
and emotions about a better world. Positive Psychology is about human connectedness,
hope and optimism about a better world. I loved the links, the tests, the
literature and videos that was showed in this course. I saved all of them and certainly
I will be back to them.
I have been reading about positive psychology for a while now and this is such a great way to get a deeper dive into the actual science behind it. I liked that the course pulled in a number of different voices, stopped for reflection and allowed us to see the thoughts of people going through the course at the same time.
Excellent course! Eye opening. The course has covered many new research findings and useful tips on how to improve well-being. It is a well balance of theoretical base and practical application. Enjoyable lecture videos too. Prof. Martin Seligman is a great teacher to speak on behalf of the field positive psychology.
I was very inspired by learning about the history of positive psychology and its many applications. I also love the experiential component of being tasked with doing the interventions, and enjoyed how we were able to share our experiences with one another. Looking forward to continuing with the rest of the courses!
I have already read Professor Seligman's book- Learned optimism. I have used the learned helplessness concept in my daily practice and would love to do more research on it in the field of diabetes (420 million people live with diabetes). This course gave me many new ideas and insights that i will explore further.
I have just finished the second week, however the course is very very interesting and it is amazing to sit and listed to Dr. Seligman. I am totally engaged and I think I have entered flow state. Just attending this course boosts your positive emotions. Thank you for the very beneficial and interesting course.
Martin Seligman, father of positive psychology is a genius. I recommend this course to everyone - people working (or even not working) in any field or domain. It provides a basic knowledge of well-being, and if done seriously has the power to completely alter the way you conduct yourself on day-to-day basis.
Excellent information in the groundbreaking field of Positive Psychology. The videos are incredibly informative and I highly encourage to participate in all of the exercises to help get the most from this course. Let this be the stepping stone in your journey into Positive Psychology, Health, and Education.
The Positive Psychology course introduced concepts of Positive Psychology's impact on education, resilience,  journalism, health, and theology. The areas of Positive Education and Resilience were the most interesting to me. I am interested in applying these practices with my grandchildren and young people.
Excellent course! The lectures are interesting, with multiple speakers. The articles helped with understanding the bigger picture of the subject material, while the quizzes were useful to pinpoint what I had absorbed. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to know more about Positive Psychology.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course conducted by Dr. Martin Seligman. The course lessons and materials were easy to understand and assimilate in order to apply them in our daily lives and monitor our state of Well-being. I am greatly encouraged and motivated to complete the four remaining modules. Thank you.
The course is very easy to understand, and the best thing is the exercises are given to the participants so that they can apply them in real life. I hope I can study Positive Psychology at the University of Pennsylvania in the near future and learn directly from Prof. Seligman and the other instructors.
This is such a well-designed overview course to help me for the first time understand what Positive Psychology entails as a academic field. Moreover, I started to explore more tools and resources to carry my study. Hearing directly from Prof. Seligman in a virtual setting is such a pleasant experience.
Wonderful overview of the current state of the science of Positive Psychology. The work has advanced sharply since Seligman's first couple of books on the topic, and this course covers a high-level overview of all aspects of the science and applications. Can't wait to move on to the next in the series.
Positive Psychology: Martin E. P. Seligman’s Visionary Science: It will be very helpful for all of us. But especially those who are working in field of of MHPSS they will get a concrete knowledge of positive psychology for sure. I am doing this course with full of hope. You can get this opportunity .
This is a thorough overview and a great introduction into the world of Positive Psychology, the intervention, and some of the areas of study! Learning from those currently in the field helping to shape it into the best that it can be is inspiring. I thoroughly enjoyed it! Highly recommended for all!
What an amazing course! Mesmerising, eye-opening, life changing. Can highly recommend for anyone. The nuggets of information is relevant for becoming a better partner, better parent, better co-worker, better founder, better politician, better neighbour, better human citizen. Well-done Martin & team.
This course in such a short time provides a huge amount of knowledge and information. It's not just theory but a lot of techniques and exercises that you can apply in your life. I'm very grateful to the whole team and Prof. Martin Seligman especially for the huge work they've done. It's incredible!
Thoroughly enjoyed the diversity of perspectives on this topic, as well as the abundant incorporation of research results. Also appreciated hearing from a variety of people. I will be internalizing and practicing what I have learned with a plan to move forward in taking the next course.  Thank you.
This is an excellent over view of the foundations and pillars of Positive Psychology.  The videos are short and engaging and there is plenty of supporting information to take away for further reference.   In addition there are examples of some of the most recent ground breaking research material.
It is a great course. Dr. Seligman started from his own personal experience and offered us a full picture about how he was guided to the theory of positive psychology.  From the learned helplessness to the notion of positive psychology, it is helpful to understand the initial ideal of his theory.
I recently read Martin Seligman's book, Learned Optimism, and Flourish (both fantastic)! This course reinforced many of the concepts in the book with many additional anecdotes and details. The information was both relevant and useful - can't wait for the rest of the classes in this certification!
This course was amazing. I have learnt so much from this. This course not only gives you insight into positive psychology, but also helps you grow as a person. Martin Seligman is a wonderful teacher and has really taken alot of time and consideration to make this course interesting and fruitful.
Fantastic introduction to positive psychology. I took this during Covid-19 while in isolation and I found it useful on two points. 1. For allowing me to take stock of the good going on around me in the chaos. 2. Motivating my coaching career and helping to boost my enthusiasm again in this area.
A truly uplifting and inspiring course which encourages you to explore further into this amazing field of Positive Psychology. It excites you to learn more, improve your knowledge and your understanding but also your practice of well-being and flourishing, of yourself and the world you live in.
excellent course, I feel this is the best way to get to know about positive psychology. Certain courses when you complete you tend to forget after it gets over, but this certainly doesn't. It keeps you engaged throughout and even after the course gets over the lessons become part of your life.
Great course. Felt I learned enough to help me understand something about this field and the direction it's going in. It also gave me some wonderfully useful tools for improving my own life.  Well worth it - felt like I learned from the very best - the one and only Martin Seligman! Thank you.
I have learned a lot from the founder of Positive Psychology himself Marty Seligman from the PERMA framework of wellbeing to the evolution of Positive Psychology from Past, Present and Future applications to the world.  Keep up the good work and more power to the team who put up this course.
I absolutely LOVED this course!!! It was so inspiring at all levels, so enlightening. It was a pleasure to listen to all the presenters. I have never had a course before in which I just never wanted to stop listening. Thank you so much for this big gift you have given to us and to the world!
this course offered a lot of history about positive psychology...I had no idea how far reaching it is and how my fields of study have stemmed from it. I have learned practical interventions that I can use in my personal and professional life to create sustained happiness. Highly recommended!
This was a great course. It was designed very well. There was a good mix of videos, readings, and discussion prompts, and assignments. The content was truly life changing. This course can be made even better by adding some more up to date content from the last four to five years. Thank you.
A great practical course where you can learn the topics from the father of Positive Psychology, Three key take
away's from this course are 1) Learned optimism to better health 2)Positive
psychology and healthy ageing 3) Positive psychology , spirituality ,and well
being and their relation
This was an excellent course. I would recommend this to anyone that has gone through the Army's MRT course. I enjoyed the lectures, the supplemental reading and have a short list of books I can't wait to read. I also enjoyed the material on positive education and constructive journalism.
This course is a high-level and gentle intro to positive psychology. Students got to learn how this branch of science was created and how it has developed over the past few decades. As a science, its theories are supported by evidence or experiments, which are really refreshing to learn.
Every single person should consider taking this course to improve their personal lives and the lives of loved ones, friends and others in their community. This course instilled in me a burning desire to learn more about Positive Psychology and how I can use the knowledge to help others.
I wish I knew about Positive Psychology when going to school. I would have majored in Psychology. Instead, I steered away form psychology because I didn't care for the outdated material presented. I wish I would have stuck with it to get to the good stuff like presented in this course.
I personally enjoyed this class so much, it is both informative and fun. I've been looking for what degree to do for my graduate studies, and I think I found it from this program - constructive journalism. Thank you Dr. Seligman and all of the professors who contributed to this course.
I loved this foundation course. It gave me an understanding of this new scientific study of Psychology. I have always been interested in Psychology, but didn't completely agree with the focusing on the past so much. I do find this is the perfect area I want to focus on to help others.
I learned a lot about how to bring a new positive perspective to my thinking about therapy, psychology and being.  I enjoyed learning about the tenets of positive psychology, practices that can shift my perspectives and practical applications for my work life, society and culture.
A great course!  Fun, easy to understand, a great update even for psychology students on the Positive Psych field, useful exercises/practices each week to take away, a lot of sense of future potential and emerging research areas within this domain.Marty is slow talker, just FYI...
I have heard about positive psychology, but with this course I am able to learn that this had been carried out in other countries and effect has been scientifically studied; also I have learnt that other fields that are practising this positive psychology and it is impressive.
This course offered me a qualitative understanding of positive psychology and well-being. Martin Seligman approach of explaining classes and examples exciting and creating more interest in psychology. I am glad for choosing this course. I recommend others to take this course.
I was doing the free course a while ago (almost a month) and asked for economic help, I got it and did all the tests and homeworks to get the certificate, and I got to see if I remembered everything, it turns out, it stays in the mind long term! Highly recommend this course.
I encourage for those who struggling with negative view of life, and challenge your self to see the positives in life. this course help be to be more grateful and gives me some hands-on practical tips to do in daily basis to keep me being positive. this is a start. thank you
I enrolled during the COVID lockdown, a very negative period.During this time I have watched neighbours and friends lose their jobs and homes, and now this has hit me too. This course is keeping me sane, giving me positive outcomes not only for others, but also for myself.
I learned a lot and it is very useful. As a psychology student, I would like to highlight the importance of this kind of content. I wish we had more of it in school, but unfortunately that's not the case. This course is actually my favorite course of all my career so far.
The course is excellent and has added many learnings. I felt even more urged to continue studying and deepen my knowledge about Positive Psychology and specialize in this area. I thank Coursera for providing me with such a valuable experience. I recommend it to everyone!
It has been really a pleasure being part of this course with Martin Seligman. I am using these learnings in my life and also have shared with my family. Thanks Martin and all your colleagues that partcipated in this course . Blessings and please continue touching souls.
This was my first online course ever, I really recommend it. The classroom lectures given within the course were excellent always back up with studies, videos and research. I really learned the basic of positive psychology and was left with an urge to carry on studying.
Positive psychology can be learned, there are serious exercises that are evidence-based. In the future I will look more closely at foreign studies, since unfortunately in Denmark we have a different and more negative and wrong bassist conception of positive psychology.
Highly recommend this course to everyone! I not just learn theories about positive psychology but also learn many practical excises which help me to improve my personal well-being. Besides that, everything I learned from the course helps me to do a better job at work.
I feel so great having gone through this curriculum.  What a beautiful field of study, and everyone walking the earth can stand to learn some of the lessons taught within the walls of this course.  I am very grateful to have taken the time to listen.  Thanks so much
Originally, I was taking this for only career and educational purposes. However, this course immediately began to support me personally. I have been able to utilize the information I am learning in trials I am experiencing and have experienced in my life. Thank you.
A good introduction to Positive Psychology from one of the founders of the field. Also includes some of the latest research, which is always a plus. I did not enjoy the last section as much but I am still looking forward to pursuing the rest of M. Seligman's course.
One of the most inspiring courses I've ever taken! It certainly had a great effect on my well-being and I am more hopeful about my future than ever. Martin is a wise man and I hope he will live a long time to promote the study of this unique and life-changing topic.
The content and the videos are sufficiently simple for those who do not have the background in the related fields. The videos and the assignments are also meant for you to think about yourself and the surroundings, deepening your understanding of self and thoughts.
What an excellent introductory course into the field.  I really enjoyed the lectures by Dr Seligman.  It's great to learn from the Father of Positive Psychology.  It's potentially a life changer to learn about these concepts.  Thanks to the teaching staff at Penn.
I really liked what I learnt. It has helped me and helps me every day. I also learned how to take this kind of online course. I took longer but was glad to complete it and the next one will be easier. Hope everyone takes the course. We'll all be better for it!
It is a necessary course not only for all my colleague psychologists, but for everyone who wants to live a better, more present and aware life. I truly want to thank Martin Seligman and his wonderful team. This course has the potential to be truly lifesaving!
This is an excellent course, I learn a lot of things aplicables to my life in profesional and in personal sense. I am really optimistic and I believe that for that reason my life is happier, the course allows me realized the conection between my life and my a
I've been reading about and trying to work with Positive Psychology since I first read Martin's book.  I wish I'd gotten on a plane and gone to the US to study with him then.  Finding it really helpful to work through this programme.  Very practical and real.
A great series of lectures from the person who stood at the cradle of Positive Psychology. I would recommend it for anyone interested in learning about this topic and I am sure you will be surprised by the broad application across several areas of our lifes.
I support this science based psychology. I use this and I build organizations built on this.  Doc, knows his stuff and it works. Coming from the military and being Master Resilient trainer for the Army. I know this works and have seen the capabilities in it.
I found this course to be an excellent starting point for learning about positive psychology. Dr. Seligman's lectures were clear and engaging, and the interactive assignments were eye-opening but not overly burdensome. I'm excited to begin the next section!
What a great experience to enroll into this class. Positive Psychology has been my lifetime application but I have only been able to learn the theory after real-life practice.  I hope I have chances to apply what I have learned to my community, my children.
I have spent much time sharing my excitement about this wonderful course given by non-other than the founder of PP, Martin Seligman, Ph.D. Also, there are many good facilitators like Dr. Pawelski  who add clear and valued information with many good question
The course is interesting and provides the student with opportunities to actively participate with others in the discussion forums. The videos are engaging and the supplemental materials provided with the lectures are excellent. It is personally rewarding.
This course is an absolute life changer! Professor Martin Saligman (and colleagues) have created a masterpiece! It has transformed my perspective and taught me so much about life, health, education and the world. This was an entire education in 4 weeks!
Great course with wonderful concepts and stories to make it a better world. The course was easy to follow and do well in a limited period of time. Thank you Dr. Seligman and the team for putting it together so nicely and making it available on Coursera.
A very detailed and inspiring course. This course is taught by the father of psychology so it is easy-to-understand. Also, the materials are helpful and I love the resources button in the course which provide me with tons of books and reading materials.
First of all, Martin Seligman is a very good speaker, and I really enjoyed videos from his lectures. This course opened a lot of new things in psychology for me, which I was anawear before. It is good structured and has parsonal and professional value!
This in an excellent course! I feel grateful to have been part of this course, the content is exciting, prospective and necessary in our world today. The coursera delivery applications are exceptional; both website and app are responsive and intuitive.
This is a new field and I am so excited to learn about the great potential that this science has in restructuring education and health policies. The course was engaging and the educators were able to communicate clearly and meaningfully. Thank you!
I enjoy taking this course and I took a lot lesson through positive psychology that I could apply into real life. The module, the topics and the examples are well delivered by the coach. Thank you! I'll go with the next step of Positive Psychology.
This course opened my eyes and gave me in-depth knowledge on positive psychology and its applications. This has helped me help my clients change mindsets, set new goals and see themselves in better light. I cannot wait to finish the specialization.
This was an exceptional course.  I enjoyed the presentation, exercises and assessment.  Not only did I gain from an academic perspective, but more important, I gained personally and will use these skills to facilitate collaboration and help others.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I am inspired by the possibilities, that creating a global environment of well-being, can bring for all of us. Positive psychology, positive education and positive health should not be overlooked in any community.
I love this course. Prof. Seligman was a fantastic discovery and his teaching will contribute to my life development. I have been impressed by the experience of Dr. Alejandro as well: his experiences on the field must have been terribly enriching.
This course provided a lot of insight into positive psychology. The introduction and the topics that followed were very interesting. I am a Reiki healer and feel that this course would help me a lot in helping people who come to me for healing.
This has been a great course that has served me as a personal therapy and as a tool to improve my relationships with others. I would highly recommend to anybody needing to focus more in the positive outlooks in life and how to be a better you.
This is a great course because it not only provides with head knowledge of positive psychology, it also challenges you to act on that knowledge through the 4 weekly "Try It Yourself" activities.  Professor Seligman is such a well of knowledge!
Insightful, fun, inspiring to learn. You definitely gain a positive perspective on so many other fields. It opens you up to positive fields, experiences and your eyes in life to notice what is going on right in the world. Highly recommend it.
This is a little heavy on the science and statistics side for me. I want to learn more about becoming more optimistic and resilient and less about the studies being done. It's still a good course with a lot of interesting information though.
I highly recommend this course if you are really interesting in know more about Positive Psychology. This is a great course to start, Dr. Seligman and their students know about what they are talking about. So value for me. Thank you so much.
This course is the most excellent course I had in my entire life as a student. Every learning is significant to our life. This course is life-changing. I am honored and grateful to be given the chance to take this course. Thank you so much!
The course enhanced my knowledge of positive psychology with elaborate descriptions in articles, videos, and assignments. I will continue to learn more about the subject and believe that this course is a great foundation for further study.
Taking this course has changed my outlook towards life and the world.  Earlier, I used to blame everything for any problems that I faced, but now I've started to count my blessings for thousands of small happy things happening in my life.
A wonderfully made course! It's a basic course to well-being and everyone should give it a try. The lessons are very informative and the interaction with the other students and their experiences really wrapped the whole course together.
Good visionary in the world of psychology. These concepts and skills should be taught in every classroom and are a great path for anyone looking to improve their overall life experience. I wish I had learned all of this sooner. Awesome!
a very basic and grounded understanding  of what it means to look at the world from a different  lens of positivity , hope and resilience and making it a better place . Insightful for psychologists to make a shift in their perspective .
The course is very fulfilling personally to me. It validates the thinking I follow in my life. My only worry is that it should not come under the proverb of "Too Good to be true" as it really has a power to change the world around you.
A must-study to navigate through the world and enrich your life (and people's). So "simple" and yet ground-breaking, many thanks to Martin Seligman and his students for working hard to make our world a more optimistic and giving one.
This course provides the theory, science, data based approach in building well-being and human flourishing. When you understand the theory and practice them and develop them as your habits you really get the benefit from this course.
This and the science of well being course from Yale is something everybody should do. Full of practical applications to improve personal and the wellbeing of the whole society. Cant wait to do the other courses in the specialization
The plus point for me is that the father of positive psychology is himself explaining about positive psychology. Questions prompted in the middle of the video is a great motivation o stay focused. I am happy to learn at my own pace.
Truly fascinating and informative. As a therapist, and as a human being, I will be focusing more on positive psychology and want to continue to grow in my knowledge and practice. Also, the positive education was incredibly exciting!
A worth while investment! The course was broken down into easy to grasp modules that made the journey easy to navigate and digest. Martin Seligman makes the information permeate in a way that you can't help but want to keep going.
I can't overstate how much I enjoyed this class.  Coursera classes are so informative and convenient.  This topic is very important to my life and career and I appreciate the insights and I look forward to studying it more deeply.
I love this course, especially when an expert in science can advocate spirituality field and asked his team to give lectures about it. I am much appreciate it and grateful to him and his team for that. Thank you, Dr. Seligman. :)
The course initself was very therapeutic. It helped me understand how negative thoughts and emptions can contribute towards illness and suffering and how positive emotions and well being can contribute and ease the issues we face
It has been informational and eye-opening. I have learned things that I didn't know before and have expanded my knowledge base. I have enjoyed the exercises, and found them simple yet powerful interventions for myself and others.
Positive experiences all round! It contains interesting material that is well presented, strategies that you can implement immediately and assessments that make you engage with the material. I would highly recommend this course.
I loved this course and would have happily done a longer note in depth coursesI look forward to starting my next course tomorrow! I’m looking at resilience as a follow up. Thank you for all that has been offered. I am grateful.
It was such a pleasure to take this class and to gain a better understanding of the field of Positive Psychology.  I greatly enjoyed listening to Martin Seligman and his associates as they shared their knowledge and experience.
If there is one course you need to complete, then select this one, please. It will give you many information on things as they are, as you know them, all in easy, well structured and clear, simple language. I truly enjoyed it.
I learned so much through this course! The material was very interesting and the teachers very inspiring and engaging. I had a lot of fun and feel like I did not only benefit academically, but also personally. Thanks a lot! :)
I enjoyed the course, it was a good reintroduction to study after many years of not.  I find it exciting that at last there is a positive use for psychology, including scientific methods and I look forward to learning more.
This is a fantastic course for someone that wants to better understand what positive psychology is all about and points one further to understanding the value it can add to a person/people in the various issues they face.
Very informative! very useful for my coaching profession - thank you! and wonderful the content is from the founder himself-martin seligman. A little too much focus on the journalism aspect. other than that - wonderful !
I find this course very beneficial, it helps me establish the understanding that well-being and flourishing of individuals, communities and societies are achievable through positive interventions in positive psychology.
The course was easy to follow, engaging and had great references to very useful books and articles around positive psychology. Most importantly it was acting as a great differentiator in my life to increase well-being.
I loved this course. I would highly recommend it to anybody, whether or not they are interested in psychology - it's much more about how to live life well, and we all have an interest in that, no matter our profession.
Learned a lot. Presented in a fun and engaging way. Will be using Positive Psychology more in my professional and personal life. Thank you for sharing and for making Positive Psychology accessible to a broad audience.
It was very much fruitful, there are applicable practices for well-being in daily life. You also broaden your horizon learning different aspects of  ‘positive psychology’. I look forward to enrolling the next courses.
Eye opener! Well delivered and lots of topics covered. I was pleased that most lessons were delivered by Dr Martin Seligman himself. Highly recommended this course and the whole Positive Psychology Foundation Course.
It's a great course and I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in improving their life and outlook. The course is well structured and easy to digest for anyone without any specific knowledge in any field.
A great course and very entertaining lectures.  Obtain valuable insights and practices to think more positively, take control of your mind, and overall, understand what makes us happy and how to live a happier life.
Great introduction to positive psychology with tangible practices and great angles to think about and explore it. Interested to learn more, already purchased two additional books from Martin Seligman to learn more.
Eye opening about the advancements  happening in the field of Positive Psychology: a field that is potentially ignored the ones studying Clinical Psychology.  The lessons are thoroughly prepared with great thought.
Really rewarding and insightful introduction to a new field of psychology which I strongly support in it becoming an established practice within our society. I look forward to taking the next step in learning more!
The course is special, because it is aimed at making people happy! I approve of the idea and recommend the course as a tool for learning about Positive Psychology and achieving well-being and harmony in your life.
Simple things can link to very powerful action. It's also important to notice that reinforcing psitive attitude is Always worthwhile and efficient. This course gives you the idea to follow this new psychology area
Absolutely loved it, it exceeded expectations, I have already studied a lot in this field and one of my top 5 strength is love of learning and this was a very enjoyable and meaningful experience for me. Thank you.
Very comprehensive course on positive psychology and the many areas that have spun off from it. Dr. Seligman and the other resource speakers offered strong evidence and delivered the lessons in an engaging manner.
So incredibily interesting. When working in a corporate world, there is little to none information on positive psychology. This is just an added tool, which I will be using to my skill set, it is the way forward!
This MOOC, together with the other 4 MOOC of Positive Psychology from the University of Pennsylvania, changed my life. I highly recommend it to everyone regardless whether you are interested or not in psychology.
Great course! Filled with tons of interesting information. I definitely feel like I am taking away integral life lessons and new life-perspectives from this course. Excited to take more of Dr. Seligman's classes!
This is the most amazing course on positive psychology I have ever had. I have studied lots of books on subject matter from esteemed professors and would like to reflect that course has been wonderfully executed.
Excellent and limited content with easy flow of topics .Well spaced feed back interludes and interesting quizzes for fun and learning. I strongly recommend this introductory course for those who `love to learn`.
I personally really enjoy the whole process of the course, because it is not as difficult as I expected, and it actually teaches me a lot, which helps me runs out of my bad mood and started to become optimistic.
Well-organized for positive learning experience.  FYI:  Some links away from the course were not functional, so would warrant a review.  I considered that separately from the information and learning experience.
Only auditing but I love the scope of the applications of Positive Psychology for anything from the individual, like me, to the US Armed Forces and the city / region of Adelaide, Australia (if my memory serves).
Truly, this course was so engaging and interesting.  Learned so much that I will take with me and continue to think about and grow as a human being.  Very happy I had the chance to take this class.  Thank you!!
This is such an insightful course ,like everyone should do it .The course  lectures ,videos and resource materials were very clearly planned .  and sharing of thought was very useful in sharing our thoughts .
I cannot express how beneficial this course could be to so many of people in the world. A well designed course for those wanting to learn more about thinking more positively and looking after your well being.
The perfect introduction to an exciting aspect of Psychology. Positive Psychology complements with the tools to better oneself and help your own personal development as well as the vision for a better world.
I have been a big fan of Martin Seligman's work, so I was very excited to take this course. It lived up to my expectations and more. I learned a great deal and will be able to apply it in my work. Thank you!
Really inspiring training. I would  recommend it to any profesional, including professionals from disciplines not directly related to psychology. People from Finance, Sales etc can also learn a lot from it.
I like that this course is simple and easy to understand despite how complicated it looks. The lecturers were thorough with the discussions, examples used were easy to understand, as well as the activities.
of course, this was an amazing course - lots of great ideas, lots of great science. lots of concrete examples/tools that you can start using immediately to improve your life, and help others improve theirs.
I had no idea there was so much to know about this field of positive Psychology. Now I cannot imagine how there are still 4 courses left, but I have no doubt they will blow my mind like this first one did!
Great overview of those things I've been thinking about for many years, with so many proven numbers and insights. Great to see that it is not just rhetoric something but the result of scientific research!
This is an excellent course with clear, expert lectures, interactive assignments, guest lecturers, a variety of research and intervention examples, and loads of practical application to daily well-being.
I recommend this course for personal and professional growth. Martin Seligman giving the course was a great experience and the collaborators domain their themes. Thanks for the opportunity.Jocelyn Morell
Stunning insights. Questions I've been asking my whole life are finally being addressed by science. I no longer need to rely solely on my own faulty reasoning or the thinking of popular self help trends.
If you are into depression or into education you just cannot skip this one. I watched most of the videos in a day and found tonnes of solid research backed findings on positive psychology and education.
Varied learning styles, excellent and slick execution and technology. Thoroughly thought out and a real pleasure to take part in. Thank you Martin and all at Coursera and the University of Pennsylvania.
Very informative class with a nice blend of science and techniques that can be put into practice immediately. Prof. Seligman has been an influential researcher and his lecturing is both clear and warm.
Very informative and practical. A great introduction to Positive psychology for detailed and well-researched examples and practical ways to bring it back to my life. I have learned a great deal. Thanks
Simply the best course I have ever made in my entire life and carreer! Thank you all serious researchers that produced It and mainly to Dr Seligman for all his sincere work. Thank you very very much!!!
Excellent course. Gave me an insight into the kind of work and the scale of the work that is happening at UPenn's MAPP department. I would love to join the actual course whenever I'm able to afford it.
Great course!  Very good intro to the topic.  I think it could be made better if we were forced to respond to 2-3 of our class mates posts per week in order to encourage more interpersonal discussion.
I love this course very much! It helps me become a better person, it made me examine my daily experiences. I learned techniques to improve my dealings with others. :)Thank you very much, Dr Seligman!
Excellent overview of the field of Positive Psychology. It has made me want to learn even more. I like the combination of videos, readings and quizzes to facilitate learning. Well done. More please!
1st week is a overview on Flourish, by Dr. Martin Seligman2nd week onward very nice overview of Homo Prospectus theory and new fields of studyVery hands on and enriching content, great dollar-value!
I enjoyed it very much, especially when we were at home during Covid- 19  pandemic, this course was good for me. I wish the course duration would be longer and more room for positive interventions.
Thank you Dr Seligman for a wonderfully insightful and efficient course on Positive psychology. This was the perfect course to take during COVID, when we could all use some positivity in our lives
Really liked this course, I learned a lot about positive psychology and about myself as well. A lot of great material is covered, intersting perspective, great lectures. Would recommend to anyone.
I found this course incredibly interesting and eye-opening. I would be thrilled to be able to find ways to put what I have learned in practice, both in my personal as well as my professional life.
I have not yet completed this course, however, I am very impressed at the lasting impression it has on me, as I am applying this daily in my routine with my Children.  I am excited to learn more.
Thank you Dr Seligman. I loved the clear explanations and have put into application the theory of wellbeing and how to make use of the character strengths. You have helped me in my work and life.
This cource is life changing, it gives real life practical and useful interventions that realy improve the wellbeing of a person. I am enjoying practicing a lot of what i learned. Thank you Penn!
Truly and enjoyable experience. I learned a great deal during these courses and have seen a positive effect in both my personal and professional life.  I highly recommend this series of courses.
Thanks for this online course. This course opens up enormous opportunities for self-knowledge, for self-development.We must live happily using Positive PsychologyThanks and regards,Lilit Davtyan
It is a very helpful course, especially when I am planning to work with young children on holistic positive living. The content was easy to understand and some practical exercises were very good
I have very much enjoyed this course, learnt many new practical topics which I can use in my everyday life and work with my clients. I am eager to see the rest 4 courses of this specialization.
This course was an excellent introduction to the science of Positive Psychology. As a psychologist with an analytical perspective, it provided much food for thought and much needed perspective.
Congratulations to Marty Seligman and all the staff at UPENN - I loved the course and I am grateful to all the positive changes this new science is bringing to the world. Thank you Dr Seligman!
Wasn't so sure what I'll find inside when I joined the course but now that I've completed week 1, I can already tell this is a well researched and pretty darn useful course. Highly recommended!
Thank you for a very good course. It's cutting edge even now, in 2019. It does have some slight issues if you're nitpicky, but I cannot recommend it enough, alongside the whole specialisation.
Brilliant course, really gives a great overview of Positive Psychology and great practical things to do as well to improve your own well-being and that of your family. I'd highly recommend it.
This is a wonderful course covering many topics in the field of positive psychology. Highly recommended for any person who wants to improve their life or just learn more about how people work.
Excellent introductory course. Great to have Martin Seligman speaking so much about something he is so passionate about. I found the course content and assessments to be both useful and fair.
I loved this!  And, it prepared me for a Creative Studies Conference at my college where I actually got to here and personally meet Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi!  I'm going to take the next level!
An excellent primer into the realm of positive psychology, covering core missions and values of the field, basic theoretical models, and the most important implications of research findings.
Great intro course to Positive Psychology! Leaves you wanting more and I can't wait to start the next course in the specialization. I feel privileged to hear Dr. Seligman speak. He's great!
This lesson is changing my perspective of the world, that more and more positive intervention are actually being made. That well being can be developed. I hope they keep the course updated.
Great course from the father of Positive Psychology.  The course, based on years of research, is delivered with great clarity.  Highly recommended for anyone who want to explore the field.
If you want to learn what Positive Psychology is all about.... this is the right place... where you get to lnow what Positive Psychology is from the horse's mouth, i.e. Dr. Seligman! :D :D
186/5000
It is a wonderful course, especially for beginners like me. I think that the path of positive physiology is the right one and it has to be implemented every day of each one of us.
Loved it! I've never studied Psychology before (I am a Sociology major), but I work as a Leadership Coach and everything I am learning is incredibly valuable - for my work and my own life.
Amazing course! Very practical. Easy to understand, easy to follow and easy to achieve well-being. I am so glad that I took this course. Highly recommend to people who want to be happier.
Absolutely amazing course! I've learnt a lot of theoretical and practical background of positive psychology. I would like to use this knowledge in my life and I will share it with others.
It is wonderfully presented and the content is so important. thank you professor Seligman for all what you did and I hope I will be able to see you and learn even more about positivity...
I appreciate the course in its totality, but I am especially grateful for and excited about the exercises that will improve both my quality of life and also that of my clients. Thank you!
Good lectures with interesting homework and assigments that are fun and easy! Loved the research findings that they reported and the new fields that are emerging from Positive Psychology!
Like the course a lot. Hope there will be more topics on Positive Psychology on how to apply this on real world issue such as workplace conflict, marriages, and even raising of child﻿ren
I was amazed by the away Prof. Seligman exposes his vision. The theory is an important aspect of the course but the surprise is on the exercises that you can incorporate into your life.
This course was very helpful in teaching me techniques to live a more positive life. It also is something I feel I can apply the learnings to help my relationship with self and others.
A lovely course to understand oneself, signature strength, the concept of PERMA and Positive Health. How to be a joy multiplier and learn more about the genesis of Positive psychology.
Excellent and engaging course that introduces the history and foundations of Positive Psychology, as well as practical tools to use every day for improved well-being. Highly recommend.
I just finished my first Course on Coursera on Psitive Psychology. The experience of learning is amazing. The more I am learning, the lesser I feel I have learnt...I need to know more.
Incredible opportunity to explore the foundations of the scientific field of Positive Psychology with pioneer, Dr. Martin Seligman and renowned experts. I highly recommend to everyone!
Fascinating overview. Martin Seligman is a fantastic orator and I enjoyed the overview of different topics. I'm looking forward to the nitty gritty of application in the next courses.
This is my favorite subject and what has helped me more than anything else with depression and anxiety.  So thankful for this new science and oppportunity to study it more in depth :)
It was a great opportunity lo listen to Dr. Seligman talking about positive psychology, an approach that should have more attention from everybody in order to increase the well-being.
i liked this course and provided me with good overview and understanding of positive pyschology. good to be able to learn virtually with Dr Martin and fellow colleagues from U. Penn.
This class taught me so much about myself and how I can improve my own overall happiness, and give my life meaning and direction. I would recommend this course to literally EVERYONE!
This course of Positive Psychology is really amazing! An experience that changed my way of understanding contemporary psychology and its scope in our society. I highly recommend it
The course helped me understand the application of Positive Psychology in a daily basis and it's impact in many importand fields such as Educations, Journalism, Theology and Health
It's been quite an amazing experience. I look forward to completing the rest of the course. I highly recommend it to anyone looking to improve their personal and professional life.
So much information and easy to understand! This course changed my actual ability to understand how to have more meaningful days, relationships and how I measure my own happiness.
Wonderfully explained and very engaging. I am walking away with a sense of accomplishment and more knowledge on what positive psychology is and how to apply it in day to day life.
It was really interesting and engaging. I really like this approach of psychology and would like to learn more about it so I can apply to my own life and also it when I graduate.
This was a great introduction to the field of positive psychology! I am thrilled to continue with the remainder of the courses in this specialization. Thanks Dr. Seligman et al.!
This course provided not only scientific research in the field of positive psychology, but also practical, hands-on ideas to increase well-being in ourselves and those around us.
This was absolutely amazing, groundbreaking science and knowledge.  The course was laid out in a way that made the learning environment engaging, it flowed well...simply amazing.
Top-notch work, all the way through. This is the course to take if you're new to the field and want the best overview possible from a world-class institution and group of people.
I'm highly privileged to listen about vision and mission of positive psychology as a growing field of psychology and it's diversified nature directly from Martin E. P. Seligman.
Amazing program. I recommend people from all disciplines to interact with this course and platform. It's all about learning at your own face so we can teach others what's right.
It is good opportunity to attend this course direct from Mr. Seligman, it is a privilege, I really liked the course and look forward for the next ones about positive psychology.
Really insightful course. Original, innovative and revolutionary. All those 3 factors based on 5 decades of scientific research by one of the most world recognized psychologist.
I joined two days workshop by Dr. Seligman  in 2018 in Japan.I could understand more about positive psychology through this course.Great opportunity for me to learning deeply .
This was a validation of my personal outlook in life and I am taking this course in the middle of a storm. It is one of the best experiences I have had in the last two years!!!
Very interesting overview of the field of positive psychology! Some good nuggets of things to use in our own lives, but more focused on the field and study outcomes in general.
Excellent course full of fascinating information about the emerging field of Positive Psychology.  Dr. Seligman is a terrific instructor and it was an honor to learn from him.
I found this introductory level to the course very exciting and thorough! It has certainly awakened my thinking of how I could incorporate this into my everyday work and life.
Brilliant course. Loved everything about the information provided and how it can be implemented into school, home, work place anywhere. A lot of direct practical applications!
I loved taking this course!  The videos were engaging, as were the articles and quizzes.  It was fast paced, but included a great deal of information that was easily absorbed.
Thank you Dr. Seligman! This online journey with you is so valuable and I've learned so much in many different ways. Can't wait to share positive phycology with more friends!
The course was stimulating - I always looked forward to working on it.  It was in-depth and at the same time enjoyable.  I'm looking forward to the next course in the series.
A very good course. I have been learning a lot with this course. The content of the course is very presented and interactive. This course will awaken us the will to continue.
Have been a fan of Dr Seligman for a while and being a student under his tutelage has exceeded my highest expectations, great coverage of a great field.  Highly recommended.
It is inspiring to hear fro Dr.Seligman and his colleagues.  The pace and depth of this course is perfect.  I am excited to go forward and study more , love the course work!
Its an amazing course. It changed my perspectives towards certain things. Specially PERMA and interventions taught in this course is so much helpful for creating well-being.
This course helped me to discover well-being and be aware about it. It showed me it can be measured and it motivated me to make a future PhD programm in Positive Psychology
A great introduction to positive psychology!  A good balance of video instruction, guided discussions, reading material and quizzes.  I can't wait to start the next course!
Insightful & amazing! Very positive obviously ! but it gives you great ideas to put all these wonderful concepts into use and improve your own well being as well as others!
Even as a psychologist I gained some valuable insights and learned new things I can apply in my work. This course also gives you access to some very useful tools and links.
a wonderful and fiun  way to learn the basics of  positiva psicology.  Great course.  Great professors, great material, and among all Dr Seligman is the best professor ever
Excellent. I am so grateful that I was given the opportunity to complete this course. I have already started on the next. I hope I am on the road to authentic happiness!!!!
Excellent course, it was very interesting to listen and learn the new paths that Positive Psychology has taken in Education, Journalism, Big Data and Spirituality research.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. The information was presented in such a way that I was able to take away valuable information that can help me direct my research as well.
Just Brilliant! This course has been transformative. Life is a series of spontaneous changes and the scientific study of what makes life most worth living certainly helps.
The most simplified and humongous concept of emotional.optimistic behaviour and mindset.Really loved being here and completing it..I can feel all the stuff in my head now!
Really teaches me more about being "positive". The word "positive" in "positive psychology" is in fact complecated :) But there is definite good in positive psychology. :D
This course gave some basic but meaningful ways to incorporate positive psychology in the day-to-day. I look forward to using the strategies shared to improve my outlook!
I learned a lot and my biases and misgivings towards the discipline were cleared. I enjoyed all of the modules and my curiosity was piqued with the researchers presented.
while they are the best professors in the field of positive psychology it was easy for a beginner like me to understand the information in the course in a very smooth way
I am wanting to do more in this field!I have started the Positive Psychology: Applications and Interventions!I felt like I was actually in lectures with Martin Seligman!!
This course captures all the elements of which the Specialization is built on. Highly professional execution and engaging assignments, which I highly recommend to take.
Great information. Great delivery...easy to learn this way. Fabulous instructors.  I mean we're learning from Martin Seligman himself.  Seriously, what could be better!
I loved the course, it was very clear, concise and well explained. It is a very complete course. Congratulations and thank you for giving me the opportunity to be here.
Martin Seligman's life-long commitment to psychology is admirable. I feel honored to have been able to take his course. I hope one day to be able to meet him in person.
This course was extremely well done and thoughtful. It was taught in a way that was easily accessible and with methods that work and can be taught by others. Thank you.
Loved it! Introduction to the principles and research behind positive psychology as well as tricks for your own life and new, very interesting developments in the field
Thank you very much, Dr. Seligman! This is indeed a helpful course. I have been applying what I have learned to my clients. I am now seeing their concerns differently.
Eye opening and fascinating! I especially recommend this for any one in the fields of coaching/training/professional development, media and journalism, and education.
Really enjoyed this course. Well thought out to maximise the learning and connect aspects of positive psychology & applications. Appreciated the additional resources.
Opened my interested to positive psychology! I'm continuing to do the specialisation course now! Thank you for all the great videos, lectures and wonderful resources!
Fantastic course! The course was informational and inspirational. The science of positive psychology and its possible applications in multiple fields is mind-blowing.
Amazing course taught by a pioneer!Dr Seligmans work is ground breaking and should be life changing for every individual that has the opportunity to enjoy the course.
Good introduction into the topic, well explained and giving you a good insight where it  is already applied and also gives first ideas on how to apply it. Loved it!!
It is a great course to learn the base of Positive Psychologie. You can benefit from the insights immediately and it makes you want to go on learning on this topic.
The course helps me very much. I could understand more about well-being. And I learn more about how to become more happier. I hope to learn more about the practice.
Great variety with videos, and articles, + assignments. It makes it exciting to learn and the content is phenomenal, very educative. I highly recommend this course.
Fast paced, very well explained. Useful for everyday and leaves you with an overall good feeling and hopes for the future. The life that we dream of, is attainable.
i love this. the knowledge i learnt from this course will stay with me for a very long time. it will help my career, my relationships, myself - strongly recommended
Wonderful course to take and complete any time.. and, most specifically during this time of social distancing during the COVID-19 impact here in the United States.
It was a learning experience for me. The course helped me to understand the field of positive psychology as an science and also its application in day to day life.
Thoroughly interesting and engaging course. There are so many exciting studies with such impressive results. I was very surprised at the depth. Very much enjoyed.
It was so engaging to watch Mr. Seligman teach - he is very enigmatic. I enjoyed learning about Positive Psychology and the practical nature of the course taught.
This is an excellent course and I learned a great deal about different aspects of positive psychology. Thank  you for making this wonderful opportunity available.
The impact of this course in my life has exceeded my expectations.Every people should be the opportunity to take it to improve themselves and have a better life.
This was a great way to get myself back into the "classroom" and earn continuing education hours for my counseling licensure. Such an interesting field of study!
Well
 structured course with scientific foundation and professionals trained 
in several areas of knowledge, dedicated to a more fraternal and 
supportive world.
The course was extremely enlightening and has greatly enhanced my understanding of Positive Psychology and its tremendous potential in improving people's lives.
Thank you for this excellent course!  It was wonderful to hear from Dr. Seligman and from the researchers applying positive psychology in so many areas of life.
I LOVED that the videos were of Dr. Seligman giving a lecture to actual students rather than a professor just speaking to the camera. I felt much more engaged.
It is truly awe inspiring to learn about this field and all it can offer us.  Dr. Seligman is just an astonishing individual, loved the entirety of the course.
Excellent overview to positive psychology and looking forward to taking others in this series!  Dr. Seligman is a visionary and an excellent presenter to boot!
Fantastic course! I really have benefited from this course in my current job. I am excited to continue and work towards my PHD in psychology after this course.
Fantastic insight into the field of Positive psychology.  I thoroughly enjoyed learning about the applications interventions and the direction into the future.
Thanks this course to let me know more information about imagination, helplessness, perception and furture. Thic course make me more clearly to see the world
Groundbreaking, enlightening, and applicable. A refreshing change for those of us disillusioned with traditional approaches to living a more fulfilling life.
I enjoyed it very much.  New for me positive journalism and the research re big data.  Seligman is great.The transcripts need improving - a lot of mistakes.
It is a very educative course.One can use the knowledge on themselves too.Everything is well elaborated,including the videos.I enjoyed everything.THANK YOU!
Learn form the master of positive psychology: Martin E.P Seligman already such a blessed for me. I really learn something and make me love psychology more.
Great course- loved the videos, written materials, and felt the quizzes and writing assignments provided the perfect amount of challenge and introspection!
This is one of the best courses. I can learn something from it and the effect of my learning will be everlasting on my life and my interaction with others.
I loved this course. It changed my life and my view of things. Only by listening to the lectures increased my wellbeing. I'm very grateful for this course.
Incredible, inspiring and SO worth the time! I will be looking at the world differently and seeking help from therapists who practice Positive Psychology.
Thank you so much for this course! It helped me a lot to dig ito subjects/areas of psychology that was not offered in my major as an Ab Psychology Student
I enjoyed this course. It covered a little of the background, techniques and science. The videos, projects and quizzes all aided in learning the material.
An excellent course that allowed me to dig deeper into Positive Psychology and gain a much greater depth of understanding. I really did enjoy the learning
This is truly life changing course.  It would give you basics of positive psychology and it's application.  highly recommended to who is new to this area.
I am very happy and improving my knowledge and life projects, here in Brazil, with this course of positive psychology!
Congratulations to the whole team!
Thank you for the learnings! It changed my life! I will use this to help people have a positive outlook in life especially during this COVID-19 pandemic
This course was excellent!  It was so interesting and informative.  I also learned techniques to enrich my personal life and increase my own well-being.
Really enjoyed this course. The Coursera platform is incredibly well built making this course a joy to take. I can't wait to take more Coursera courses!
I learned about so many possibilities in positive psychology that I opted to pursue the specialization. How wonderful for science and humanity to meet!
This course was very informative and very enjoyable. I enjoyed learning about positive psychology and how it came to be at its current form and stage.
This course is  very helpful and rich of scientic and practical knowledge.  Not only the research findings but also the examples  impressed me deeply.
EXCELLENT COURSE, REALLY ENJOYED IT. Would like the course to include more practical elements. Perhaps some apps/technology to use in your daily life.
I loved this course so much I'm going to do the 5-course specialization. And, potentially enter the MAPP program. It's exactly what I was looking for.
Excellent - anyone who works with people, or who is a person, should undertake this course. Your happiness and the people around you depends on it :)
Loved this class.  I go back over it over and over.  I was very impressed by Dr. Seligman and he has helped me so much to grow and learn.  Thank you.
Thank you it was very interesting and refreshing course. It finally pushed my to start my psychotherapy and apply for school with a psychology major.
This was an excellent class and I learned a great deal. I look forward to taking all the courses required for the Positive Psychology specialization.
This course is amazing, new things ans findings, I wonder why it takes so much time to star focusing in positive aspects of people. Highly recomended
A good overview of positive psychology. I came in as a skeptic to the concept, but I'm staying because of the robustness of Dr. Seligman's research.
Exciting, inspiring course. I have learnt a lot, and I became enthusiastic to learn more about the application of positive psychology. Great course!
Provides a good overview of the field of Positive Psychology and gives you an idea about how these research findings can be applied in other areas.
I have thoroughly enjoyed all the sessions. It has been vast learning and insight into Positive Psychology and the effect it has on people's lives.
This was a fantastic beginning to learning more about the field of Positive Psychology.  The content reviewed was both informative and interactive.
Well-organized, interesting, and informative course.  I have already recommended it to family, friends, and co-workers.  Definitely a game-changer.
Great course from the father of positive psychology. I am just very thankful to coursera and UPenn to have brought this course to larger audience.
Really enjoyed and appreciated how this course was laid out, how the material was presented and the different formats through which it was taught.
I learn the theory, intervention method, and also get insights on the application in various aspect of life at level of individual and communities
Thank you to all who made this course a possibility. I thoroughly enjoyed hearing Dr. Seligman himself share his journey and findings. A blessing.
The best professor ever !, thank you Professor Seligman and to all the participants for this amazing journal,  every class was full of knowledge.
I am hoping that positive psychology can permeate businesses.  These are the biggest "community" that can have the biggest impact for the future.
Excellent Course! Opened my eyes (and heart) up to the possibilities of applying Pos Psych in the work I do for others. I am eager to learn more!
So valuable and useful! In all my dimensions of leadership: me, the ones I report to, my peers, external people, the people I´m responsible for.
Loved it - applicable and engaging content and learning resources with information about the ongoing research being done in Positive Psychology.
Excellent course! Introduced me to an angle of psychology that I was completely unacquainted with. Very practical for application in daily life.
This is such a wonderful course where I have learned so much.  The more importantly, I am using what I have learned in real life. To be happier.
excellent and well organized course , i learnt alot from this course and its interesting too, i am glad i have chosen this course. Thank You SIR
What a great introductory course to positive psychology and its roots. Thank you so much. I am still hungry for more which is an excellent sign.
Although I was familiar with many of the concepts, the delivery by Martin Seligman was exceptional and his storytelling style really resonated.
Wonderful. very well organized, simple, clear and direct. Excellent theoretical foundation and responsibility in the transmission of knowledge.
Loved how the course is spread out in short videos with discussion prompts every week. I am happy , I am taking away so much from this course.
Very thought provoking.  Laid out easily and the transitions between lesson were great.  This was a great introduction to Positive Psychology.
This course has been very interesting from the start until the end. Each person can benefit from it be it on a personal or professional level.
Interesting introduction to Positive Psychology. The course is brief but impactful and I found the exercises and models insightful and useful.
the big data part is good (in content) and it has slidesI would like to see more slides in other part (to capture key ideas from the speaker)
A course that makes you want to deepen your knowledge of Positive Psychology and especially to experiment for yourself and others. Thank you.
It was more of a reflective journey on myself that I took during this course. I think for me it gave a new way of looking at life positively.
Very interesting.  A wide range of resources to give a very solid foundation of the ideas, purpose and strategies behind Positive Psychology.
An excellent overview of positive psychology and an introduction to actionable elements which follow in the subsequent courses in the series.
Wonderful, exiting and well-taught course taught by the world leading positive psychologists and pioneers in the field. I am really inspired.
I suggest this course to everbody who is interested in physcology, because positive phsclology is something new and has a great future ahead.
Dr Seligman has a way of clarifying and summarizing points in the field of psychology that bring it new meaning to even a well-read student.
It was a most eye-opening learning experience. It is making a positive difference in my life and has also broadened my intellectual horizon!
There was a lot of information and additional articles that were very helpful in understanding positive psychology as well as the lectures.
Excellent introduction to this field. Exciting to get to watch presentations from such esteemed people in the field of Positive Psychology.
So informative! I loved learning so much about this field and now being able to use it in my everyday life and teach it to those around me.
It was a great experience having the opportunity to learn Positive Psycology fundamentals from Martin P.Seligman, its creator and promoter.
Wow! What a terrific course! The information can be applied on many different levels and the science behind the information is fascinating.
I'd like to express my sincerely gratitude to Dr. Martin and his team, that I can get such good course, and huge of data. Thanks very much!
A thoughtful, well-organized, and comprehensive overview of the dynamic work of Dr. Martin Seligman. A worthwhile and illuminating journey!
Life changing experience. Understood many of unfolded human behaverial expects. understood about self and how to be positive in future too
I loved every minute of this course. It led me to do further reading, and it has helped with personal and professional aspects of my life.
This course is extremely fun!!  I can not wait to continue and take the next one.  I have highly recommended it to my family and friends.
Inspiring professor, very easy to understand but still makes you reflect on your life. Fascinating concepts I'd want to learn more about.
Very interesting and even only at week one lecture, have a strong feeling that this specialize program will help me to flourish my life!
Absolutely loved this course. It was engaging from start to finish. I learned a lot and will apply much of what I learned in my coaching
This was a great introduction to Positive Psychology and I found it really simple to use and complete. Looking forward to learning more!
I find this course to be both informative and stimulating. I love the topic and hearing about the future applications and possibilities.
It really helps me understand more about positive psychology and it's development, also the research that can be done to help it develop
I really liked it! Good professors. In the beginning of the course I would love more graphs. However it's very good and I recommend it!
A good review of material in Flourishing with additional research findings and application. Very interesting presentations/presenters.
This was a great introduction to positive psychology. I didn't know much about this field until I did this course. Highly recommended.
Practical and powerful information covering the basics we all need to know regarding applied positive psychology. Impressive content.
Fantastic course, loved the way Sir Martin Seligman taught specially. I am greatly honored to become his student through this course!
Fantastic course. You learn a lot about Positive Psychology and its concepts and researches, from the founder of Positive Psychology.
Really fascinating courses. Recommending more people who want to have a flourishing life and want to help others to take the course.
I loved every part of the course especially all the parts where we have been asked to do things to learn throuhg our own experience.
I am motivated and inspired to continue on more courses in Applied Positive Psychology and to apply for the MAPP program.Thank you.
Really enjoyed doing this course. I feel I will now be able to devise a concrete system for myself to live a more fulfilling life.
I would highly encourage this course for anyone interested in this topic or interested in the MAPP program at UPenn! Very helpful!
I loved the course and I felt it the best program to start your journey of Positive Psychology. Looking forward the other session.
It was a well balanced course. Basic theory coupled with practical exercises. excellent introduction course to positive psychology
Easy to understand even I am not an English native speaker. The course is organised and the concepts are applicable and authentic.
Teachers and the information they share is highly useful and interesting. They are very thorough with their explanations. Loved it
Great course: easy to follow instructions,  well constructed assignments and the videos are easy to watch with engaging speakers.
It's a very  interesting and informational course.They gives you challenging task which is helpful for the person and well-being.
Excellent introduction to the field of Positive Psychology, raises many fascinating questions, I'm eager to take the next course.
I do recommend this course , to any one aiming a change of thought . The course is simple , to the point and very much engaging.
Research basted "Happiness" metrics is new to me. Will be very useful in my advocation of mentoring under-achieving young people
Excellent introduction to positive psychology. Love the practical techniques that may be applied at a personal level. Thank you.
Excellent program at a distance, for the people that we wish to continue in continuous learning, throughout our life.
Thank you.
Highly engaging and relevant to many aspects of life! Both personally and professionally -- and very tangible / action-oriented
SOOO amazing! Martin E.P. Seligman is truly unbelievable. I enjoyed this course so much and learned a ton. Highly recommend it!
I have an overview of what Positive Psychology is now.  The content of this short course is highly engaging and well presented.
Great info, I highly recommend this course to anyone who is looking for scientifically proven ways to increase your well-being.
Fascinating, interesting, and thought-provoking course. I highly recommend. Great for personal and/or professional development.
AWSOME, i've learned so much not just about  a possible way to behave but about myself and other people . really reccomended .
A life changing opportunity to understand the science and rational behind the pursuit and application of well-being practices.
Very interesting statistics, perspectives and approaches to well-being, health and all of its facets.Outstanding use of media.
I am excited and pleased to have this course online. Very grateful that i could know better bout Prof Seligman and team work.
I cant wait to learn more about the use of Positive Psychology and well-being in my private counseling and coaching practice.
the course was extremely amazing, so knowledgable and engaging ... sort of an eye opener for me. thanks  a lot for the course
Thank you for this wonderful course not only for myself, but with the hope I can use it to further the well being of others.
A very dynamic, instructive and fun first week course. Excellent video lectures and a subtle demanding exercise and quizzes.
This information in this course has been life altering. I truly wish this program would come to every grad school in Americe
I am so glad I took this course at the right point in time in my life. It is going to continue to make me evolve as a human.
An Excellent .. very useful and loaded with information, equally well taught .. learned new horizons of Positive Psychology
The course is very well shot, every point made has an example followed. It is easy to understand and links to every module.
Great insight to a well-being model of life and the ways that 'potential-thinking' opens up a perspective of possibilities.
Great overview of the field of Positive Psychology. Really liked the assignments. Video's were informative. Great teachers.
I quite enjoyed the potency of this course and would love to be part of the vision to upgrade the school system's education
In short, amazing course. This course is one of the most detailed courses I have ever taken on an online learning platform.
This is an excellent course, well constructed for online delivery and so interesting. I absolutely had a ball studying it.
Fantastic course! Very engaging, with just the right amount of challenge and introspection. I'm super excited to continue!
what a concise but mind-boggling course it is. I feel like having my grounds set for a more in-depth study into the field
This course covers a lot of topics in a short amount of time. It is interactive and engaging. I learned a lot, thank you!
Good course to having an intro and overview of Positive Psychology and lectures from Martin Seligman, the master himself!
Excellent course, well put together with a blend of video instruction, written material and links to supporting articles.
Easy to follow, interactive learning and teaching methods and fun, making the content easy to absorb, retain and utilise.
Excelent. I was really in "flow" along the course.. Dynamic, didactic and with practical applicability in everyday life.
SELIGMAN IS BRILLIANT. HE BRINGS TO LIFE HIS LIFE’S GREAT WROK AND LEGACY WITH VALUABLE PRACTICAL LEARNINGS. I LOVED IT
I'm a clinical psychologist, and I loved the course.  Thank you for your effort to introduce us to Positive Psychology.
Really happy with this course. Probably the best I've taken! Great quality of information and amazing teachers. Thanks!
Excellent course. I would definitely recommend this course to everyone who is in the field of psychology and education.
Excellent overview of Positive Psychology and its derivatives!  I will recommend this to anyone with an interest in PP.
I loved it! Thank you so much for all the important information you shared! I will incorporate it in my life and work.
The content and its delivery were well organized and offered a very nice overview of the field of Positive Psychology.
Absolutely fascinating! Mind blowing how simple of a concept it is with such large implications on your state of mind.
Really interesting course with some very unexpected elements to it. Enjoyable and eye-opening - I highly recommend it.
I very absorbing and informative course. I feel that the insight and skills that I have gained will help me in my wok.
Excellent course, I recomend to do it, it's very interesting I learn a lot of positive psychology. I love this course.
A good learning experience!  Learning through the weeks per se gives me a sense of joy.  Thank you for a great course.
Great course. I really enjoyed the content. The lecturers were fantastic and engaging. Overall it was super positive.
Learning from the creator of Positive Psychology is a life learning highlight for me. I highly recommend this course.
Very well structured with a rich content of knowledge and practical exercises. Doable and useful videos and articles.
This is an amazing class! It will help you learn how to flourish and become more resilient against life's challenges.
Awesome!  Thank You!  I am Grateful for all of the efforts of the Faculty, Staff and fellow students on this journey.
I recommend this course for people that want to change their lives and have new perspectives for Positive Psychology.
I could not imagine that a whole field of psychology was flourishing and I didn't know it! It really openned my eyes!
Great introduction to a game changing approach in psychology. A foundation for individual and organisational change.
Excellent introduction to Positive Psychology that in introductory yet not too basic.  Looking forward to course 2!!
Great course for those interested in the latest research on positive psychology. Everything is backed up by science.
Wow! Fantastic and insightful course. I started it and had a difficult time leaving, until I completed the material!
Really enjoyed this course. It reinforced learning that I had already done into the area and was easy to follow and
I really enjoyed this course. I loved  the idea of filmimg the lectures in class, I felt more engaged as a student.
Interesting, provocative and eye-opening. Learned Helplessness and the discussion thereafter were very beneficial.
This course was a walk down memory lane as well as an offer of new insights. I found it interesting and enjoyable.
I learnt a lot on positive psychology and I am ready to learn more on the other 4 courses of this specialization.
Great introduction to Positive Psychology. Martin Saligman's lecturers are one of the best I've ever listened to.
Clear, simple, but deep in knowledge. It is the right way for individuals, communities, and nations flourishment.
Great course!! Loved it, loved the explanations, how simple it is to follow and the impact of Positive psychology
It's very useful for my work and my family,I'm considering getting deeper into this field.Thank you.Dr. Seligman.
A very interesting and engaging MOOC supervised by the father of Positive Psychology. What else could we ask for?
Informative, well-presented, and encouraging. I learned a lot from this course. I feel grateful to Dr. Seligman.
Love this course. Have read some of Dr Seligman's books and am pleased to have now done also part of his courses
This has been a wonderful course. I've learned so much, and I'm looking forward to the next class in the series.
Would recommend to anyone on this site who's looking for lasting and applicable knowledge. Great use of my time.
Excellent course....Its hard to explain in words, I highly recommend to attempt and learn the myths of wellbeing
Great orientation and has been instrumental in giving me new and valuable insights into positive human behaviour
Highly recommend this course to those who are beginning to learn about Positive Psychology. A must-have course!
Definitely a challenge to one's worldview. I greatly look forward to the remaining courses in this certificate!
I found the information to be very interesting and informative.  The course is easy to navigate and respond to.
I am so lucky to have found this course and participated. It has been a life-changing experience, an awakening.
An exceptionally engaging, well written and relevant course that everyone should complete for better wellbeing.
A very fulfilling experience! Thank you so much Prof Seligmann, University of Penn, coursera and all my peers!
LOVE THIS COURSE. Thank you so much. It was fun, interactive, informative and inspiring. I want to learn more!
I really enjoyed this course and learned so many practical skills for every day living and how to help others.
This foundational course is an excellent start to understanding the history and basis of positive psychology.
Really helpful in understanding the into to Positive Psychology. Great to have access to the great mans mind!
This is definitely everyone should take. It did change my life point of view. Thanks professors and Coursera!
Beautiful course with a lot of different topics covered. Very interested in the continuation of this course.
This course is inspiring and I feel encouraged to go ahead developing myself and support people to flourish!
Thank you Dr.Seligman for bringing this class to me. I can feel I am gradually changing to a positive person
I am so grateful and intrigued by this course, and the possibilities are endless. This I find very exciting.
Excellent course. I already knew a great deal about positive psychology and found this an excellent review.
This way of learning really fits my life. Short and easy to follow steps. I learned a lot from this course.
A very good course . I wish dr seligmann does a course on learned optimism to teach the optimism skills too
Absolutely loved this class! It was transformative for me personally, as well as in my work as a therapist.
Great overview of science of positive psychology. Can’t wait to delve deeper and apply what we have learnt.
Wonderful learning!  Thanks to all the instructors for sharing their excitement and expertise and research!
Martin and his team are a true inspiration. What an insight into the great aspects of positive psychology.
Extremely informative and well done with the right mix of instruction, reading and interactive activities.
Great course! It helped me understand better some concepts I read about previously. I highly recommend it!
It really change your perspective and mindset, in small everyday actions and in a transcendental way also.
Thank you. I learned a lot and found the information very interesting and useful. I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Beautiful course. Learned so much about so many different things. Really changed my viewpoint and my life.
I nicely paced, well organized introduction to Positive Psychology. A pleasure to go through this course!
The best course and 4 weeks ever spent with online learning. Amazing content and left me hungry for more!
Truly a 'visionary' course.  Confirms what I only believed before.  Now I have solid scientific evidence.
Awesome! I have learned a lot! Actually I´m felling confortable to apply this skills with my costumers!!
It helped me a lot. I'm already using most of the things I learned in my professional and personal life.
As a Certified Life Coach and a confirmed, lifelong optimist, this course fed my soul and my perspective
I learned a lot, and it made me better as a person. I really hope I get to accepted in the next course.
I am very grateful for everything that I have learned with Dr. Seligman and his team. They inspired me!
Fantastic course! Tons of great information that was not only informative, but interesting and helpful!
Much more than I expected. I have learned a tremendous amount of valuable information and new insights.
Debunks existing principles of psychology   A timely course that focuses on building blocks of wellness
absolutely great course to develop your knowledge in positive psychology. I've learned so much in here.
A superb course, engrossing, with many practical tips to increase wellbeing. Unreservedly recommended.
I loved learning about positive psychology! I can't wait to take the next few courses on this subject!
Great introductory course in positive psychology, giving a sense of its history, breadth and insights.
It was a truly helpful course and I strongly recommend it for people who are interested in psychology.
I loved the learning part of the course and assignments which enable us to become a better human being
very clear and insightful introduction into Positive Psychology and its potential to change different
loved this course. Has given me confidence in knowing and being able to talk about this great subject
I thoroughly enjoyed Professor Seligman's lectures and the exercises he had us do.  Excellent course.
Excellent overview of the topics and concepts of Positive Psychology presented in an interesting way.
It's a mind opener, and Dr. Seligman is so delighting. Thank you very much for this new perspective.
I thought since I read Dr. Seligman's books I did not need it however I enjoyed the course.Thank you
Very well presented. Very understandable even for those who do not speak English as native language.
The information presented was very interesting and given by many different perspectives and people.
Great intros to the topics, great examples. Good mix of research and theory and practical examples.
Amazingly done and it's very simple to understand everything which is mentioned. Good perspective.
Loved it - great introduction, wonderful re-introduction to Pos' Psych' and many of its off shoots
This course gave a broad and fundamental overview of positive psychology and was highly engaging!
Good lecture.  Engaging content.  Great introductory overview of a very impactful field of study.
A great introduction to the field of Positive Psychology! Leaves you with a hunger to learn more.
In the course there are a lot of useful data that make you reconsider some of your views on life.
Inspiring, and helping me to remain optimistic about the future. Not just my own, but mankind's.
I learn about positive psychology overall thank you for coursera website and teaching faculties.
Thank you Prof Seligman! It has been very interesting and gave me good insight for my profession
An amazing course.Such a privilege to learn from the Dr. Martin Seligman himself, albeit online.
excellent, it's incredible that there is so much to learn about optimism and positive psychology
Outstanding learning experience-I feel so fortunate to have access to these lectures. Thank you!
This is a great introduction of Positive Psychology and how we can practice it from daily life.
I feel myself richer and wiser after going through this course. Well structured and interactive
This course is relevant and absolutely applicable to all facets of life, not just with career.
It gives a short cut into the world of positive psychology! Enlightening course with insights.
It´s a great course where you grow as a person and learn lot of new things to practice in life
Outstanding class that everyone should take to better their lives, and those surrounding them.
It has been an amazing journey into the world of positive psychology and more meaningful life.
Just amazing.   This course was easy to listen to and filled with so much amazing information.
This course is very good, learned a lot of knowledge, so that I am more optimistic about life!
I was very happy to learn. Very good presentation of the material. I would love to learn more
Wonderfull, ALTHOUGH I HAVE STARTED THE COURSE NOW HELPED ME IN MY OWN COMPREHENSION ABOUT ME
I found this course to be mind opening, and useful for my own personal and professional life.
Thank you for inviting to join this course. it helped me a lot personally and professionally.
I'd like to keep practicing!I will make the earth happier!I am the happy person in the world!
This course, and I'm sure the courses to follow, has already changed my life for the better.
Fun class, not too intensive. A nice little stroll through some of Positive Psychology Park.
I absolutely loved this course. Can't wait to begin the second course in the specialization.
Dr. Seligmans's course has altered my view of the value of psychology. It is well presented.
I really enjoyed this course.  Dr Seligman is a visionary, but he also an excellent teacher!
Awesome course! Learnt a lot from the Thought Leader and the Great team of Faculty Members!
Very good course, thank you! It was a pleasure to listen to the Martin Seligman's lectures.
enjoyed the course, great learning experience, I can already feel the positivity in my life
A pleasant course. Great first course for this field. A switch to positive psychology. ++++
An excellent introduction to the development of Positive Psychology as a specialist field.
I believe Positive Psychology should be a required general education call in all colleges.
Great course that opens up your eyes about well being in the world and in your daily life.
This course open my mind for a whole new field of the psychology, actually of the science.
Love it ! Thank you for making this course available. Two of my friends have now enrolled.
Amazing course materials. Research is highly useful and relevant to our collective needs.
Well doe! I had no idea that positive psychology was so useful for so many areas of life.
This is one of the best courses I have ever taken on psychology! Thank you Prof Seligman!
So great, I reallly like the way you use to provide the information. So well structurate
A very engaging and informative course that is applicable personally and professionally.
Really wonderful overview of content that encourages further exploration into the topic.
An excellent introductory course. I'm looking forward to the rest of the specialization.
I really enjoyed this course. I learned a lot and I was not stressed out by the course.
This course was inspiring and informative.  I cannot wait to get started on the others!
Engaging, thoughtful, and informative introduction to the field of Positive Psychology!
very important topic should be learned be every one in order to live better and happier
It gives a whole new perspective of why we do what we do. This was a refreshing course.
Amazing course! Really life changing way of thinking! Thanks for sharing this knowledge
It is very helpful and relaxing and I think I'll keep learning and enjoy my daily life.
Excellent course! Makes me want to enroll in Positive Psychology for a masters degree.
Excellent course, well presented, easy and fun to navigate through.  Great experience.
Its really excellent course and we will get idea how to deal of life.Thank you so much
Great course! Full of meaningful information, startegies to share and keep for our own
Fantastic course! So much great information and I always feel uplifted while doing it.
This is an eye opener to all people specifically to all Psychology graduate students.
Your eyes will be opened to a whole new way of viewing and interacting with the world
Very comprehensive overview of the introduction to Positive Psychology. I enjoyed the
informative, enlightening, helpful for individuals pursuing a career in mental health
This is an outstanding course with new and visionary concepts for working and living.
loved it! My first ever course online and it was absolutely informative! Thank you !
Excellent and insightful haven had the privilege to physically be in a room with him
This course was an eye-opening personally and professionaly. I highly recommend it.
Very practical course with relevant recommendations for improvement to daily living
This is a must take course for everyone. The content and activities were excellent.
A really excellent course, formative and informative from the beginning to the end!
Fantastic course! I honestly cannot wait to do the remaining modules of the course.
Life-changing - it opens new perspectives on every aspect of our perceived reality!
I think I am very lucky to complete this course, was really a wonderful experience.
Amazing course: very informative and comprehensive! Professor Seligman is a legend.
Very informative course, excellent balance of historical and up to date researches.
Loved it!  I appreciated learning more about myself and the perspective of others!
This course was amazing, really helpful for personal and professional development.
Essential course for personal and professional development (in the relevant field)
An inspiring and incisive introduction to a whole new way of enhancing one's life.
Great course, setup like an actual lecture. Reminds me of TGCs. Very professional.
very nice and useful ..that is one of the best courses in coursera through 5 years
It was a great course and very easy to understand and implement in everyday life.
Absolutely inspirational and transformative. Martin E.P. Seligman is my new hero!
Its a great course, lots of insight and new information about positive psychology
It's an absolutely brilliantly designed course. It's just what i was looking for!
Interesting and informative. I'm very much interested in positive education now.
I learned so much from this course I definitely would recommended it to anyone!!
Excellent introduction and sharing of Positive Psychology in multi aspect view.
Fantastic course. Thoroughly enjoyable and assisted me on a personal level too.
Great intro to positive psyche & includes some really nifty & simple exercises.
I love this course.   All the topics are very interesting and quite up to date.
I thought that it was really nicely put together and well balanced. Thank you.
I am very satisfied with this course. I learn new knowledge about this course.
Wonderful course. I really enjoyed the concepts and practical take home ideas.
Engaging,exciting and novel to me. Something to look forward to in education.
Marvelous intro to give Insight how far the Positive psychology field extends
It was so interesting course and easy to understand. I strongly recommend it.
Presented very clearly. Much useful information. I can't wait to learn more!
Excellence introduction to a fascinating and promising branch of psychology.
Very important and useful course, it will change the way you look at things!
It is an enriching course that will take you closer to your own flourishing.
The Techniques you will learn in the first week will put your life in order.
Great introduction course. The information is clear and presented very well.
I'm very grateful to have taken the online course with Dr. Seligman himself.
This is an inspiration course for me, and I can apply it to change my life.
Thank you for the opportunity to learn and practice these amazing contents.
Fabulous overview of positive psychology. I am excited about learning more!
Great information and content.  Please have more courses on this subject!!!
I Love this course! I am inspired to learn more about Positive Psychology.
The best course that I have ever taken. All human being should learn this.
An excellent overview and introduction to positive psychology.  Thank you!
Great introduction into the science and philosophy of positive psychology.
I enjoy it a lot and I've learned a lot, I feel accomplished and grateful!
I rerally enjoyed his presentation. I liked it much more than Dickworths.
So far I am loving the very interesting discussion by professor Seligman.
I enjoyed the course very much. It's very well done, and I learned a ton.
This course is tranformative.  I cannot give it a higher recommendation.
Great course! I learned so much that I can use with my own life and work
The content of the course was well planned and had meaningful exercises.
Very insightful! I can truly say that I've been inspired by this course.
I have a solid understanding of the fundamentals of Positive Psychology.
Amazingly eye opening information on the power of gratitude.  Thank you!
Excellent course material, information, and was fun and very interesting
The most amazing course I have ever attended. Life changing experience.
Good introduction.Great videos, great production and summarized content
One of the best course I have been ever taken, I highly recommend.10/10
It’s amazing. Highly recommended. So interesting and so easy to finish.
Very engaging.  I was in a state of flow throughout the entire course!
I am amazed by the wisdom of prof. martin. course is very informative.
Very good course. I'm going to keep my learning about this psychology.
A course full of information and aspects you can use in your own life.
i appreciate so highly and since i am deeply happy to join this course
I learned invaluable techniques in this class and recommend it highly.
Great insight and great overview. Current. Really enjoyed this course.
I would like to say thanks to Mr Seligman for this wonderful course !
Listening to Martin Seligman himself is the best part of this course.
I feel blessed by learning and knowing more about positive psychology
I can say, without hesitation, that this course has improved my life.
I loved the information and I am excited to learn more in course two.
I loved participating in this course and learned so much! Thank you!
Very comprehensive foundation that leaves one curious to learn more!
Very useful ! Great insights about positive psychology ! Great class
Such a great course and an honor to get to learn under Dr. Seligman.
I learned a lot. From bottom of my heart thank you so much!!!Gracias
amazing i think i have other way of perspective now more optimistic!
Very good introduction to Positive Psychology. I like the exercises!
The best course, I have ever done I would say. Extreme insightful !
Very interesting course! I have learned a lot from the discussions.
Thank you, all the modules are so interesting and fresh. I love it!
An excellent overview of the emerging field of Positive Psychology.
Exactly what I wanted.  Eager now to apply in my field and my life.
Lots of great information with very easy to understand explanation.
A very inspiring introduction to the field of positive psychology!
Great course. Really well taught, very engaging, and super useful.
Great course with exposure to lovely positive psychology material.
I loved this course; interesting, concise, relevant and inspiring.
Excellent course that I would wholeheartedly recommend to anyone!
Amazing content, practical skills and knowledge given! Thank you!
A short yet amazing course on introducing to positive psychology.
Great introduction - I learnt a lot and can't wait to learn more.
It was very interesting and fascinating. Would like to learn more
It was very simple to understand and follow along. Great content.
I am riding this so interesting I don't want to close my computer
Very informative class! Offers life-changing advice and insights!
What a great course and Prof. Seligman is a wonderful teacher...
Excellent course & really looking forward to the next in series.
Great course! Valuable knowledge! I would like to learn more...
A real eye-opener--fascinating material, delivered beautifully.
An eye-opening experience. Looking forward to the next section!
Literally everyone should do this course. Loved it, Thank you.
Very interesting and motivating to move forward in this field.
HIGHY RECCOMENDED COURSE. LOVED EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS COURSE.
Great course. InspiringAdding Knowledge, Skill and Awareness.
This was really enlightening and I'm happy to be part of this
Fantastic course, which I would strongly recommend to anyone!
Excellent training and well being for you, your family , your
Wonderful course- wonderful material and teachers. I love it!
This is a dream come true! Nice pace and meaningful learning.
A very interesting overview to a fascinating area of science.
Informative and life changing! Thanks to Marty and his team!
Very practical and love the pace of the speech.  Very clear.
I love it! I want to know more about it and spread the word!
must do course for anyone learning psychology of any branch
I've learned a lot about positive psychology and I love it.
Very interesting and informative. I would highly recommend!
It's a great course specially with Dr. Seligman's teaching.
It's very useful both for academic research and daily life!
Really good stuff presented in a easy-to-understand manner
One of the best I have done I my entire life, Thank You!!!
Great introduction into the course of Positive Psychology!
A very organized and clear overview of positive psychology
It was an excellent course. I enjoyed it a lot. Thank you.
The lectures are extremely informative and good to follow
I really enjoyed the content, very helpful, than you all.
Amazing experiences, fun way to learn, interesting themes
Great course. The instructor is very good at presentation
I learned much more than I expected to learn!  Thank you!
Awesome! Pure delight to learn from Dr  Martin Seligman !
Very fruitful, useful, and interesting course, love it !!
I knew I would love this course - thank you Dr. Seligman.
Very uplifting and a good science to learn and practice.
Amazing content with the creator of Positive Psychology.
This is a great course and it is really helpful for life
very interesting course and I have learned a lot from it
What a great way to learn from the leaders in the field!
Very good content, excellent trainers and great learning
Really good course, especially in the time of COVID-19.
Excellent in so many ways. Impactful and life-changing.
Very interesting, love the information and application.
Great introduction grounded in research and innovation.
Extremely helpful course with outstanding life lessons.
Excellent material and the teaching aids and techniques
Brilliant.  Truly life-changing, if you allow it to be.
Excellent. I wish I knew about this new field before!!
very helpful course , see us other side of human being
Give a huge new perspectives about positive psychology
An amazing course! Truly inspirational and optimistic.
Very insightful and with lots of practical activities.
very informative and inspiring.thank you very much Sir
Excellent course and great overview of the discipline.
One of the best course that I have taken, thank you !
Excellent content and easily appliable in daily life.
Fantastic introductory course on Positive Psychology.
An awesome introduction class to positive psychology.
Great introductory course, very interesting lectures.
This course series was very useful and timely for me!
Excellent foundational course in positive psychology
The most life changing knowledge one can have learn.
Great course it can change your perspective for sure
Great course with amazing useful and new information
I like it a lot. Will study other courses. Thank you
I am so happy that I discovered this specialization!
Great course. A little biased but still interesting
very enriching course! so refreshing and uplifting!
A great course. Very engaging and full of knowledge
Great overview of the basics of positive psychology
Excellent information! Everyone should take this!!!
A life-changing course. I recommend it to everyone.
Excellent course. I look forward to learning more.
I loved this course and would highly recommend it!
Its a very good beginning to a new social science.
very useful and helpful, both for life and career.
A complex course that is definitely an eye opener.
Fantastic material that really enriches your life.
Comprehensive, rooted in science, broadly applied.
Excellent course. Love the exercises and the info.
Excellent course. Well-organized and stimulating.
Excellent.  I would highly recommend this course!
Best course I've ever taken. Highly reccommended.
It's indeed a superb course. Method is excellent.
Incredible interpretation of Positive Psychology!
very good introduction to the positive psychology
Fantastic Course. I really enjoyed every lecture.
GOOD overview of positive psychology. refreshing!
It made me see things so differently and better!
Very good start-cant wait for the other courses!
It is a helpful, cheerful, and wonderful course.
Great academic and even better personal insights
A very good introduction to Positive Psychology!
A fabulous introduction to Positive Psychology!
Great information that can be applied every day
Amazing! This is what I needed for my research.
Fantastic. Period. More, please. And thank you!
Really Very informative and beneficent for all.
It was a great over view of positive psychology
Fantastic introduction to Positive Psychology.
What a great advancement and learning session!
A fabulous introduction to Positive Psychology
Great, easy language but very deep knowledge!
Wonderful Introduction to Positive Psychology
It's very good start for Positive psychology.
One of the most interesting and deep courses.
Excellent course, very useful and mindopening
Thank you ! I want to continue learning more
I love it ! Drx Seligman an amazing teacher!
Great learning.  Highly relevant to my work.
amazing class to help my life become better!
I 180 change of world view and personal life
Amazing course, Dr. Seligman inspires a lot!
Very useful and eye opener course. Thank you
Great way to learn about Positive Psychology
Exceptional course with very good materials.
Informative, well-delivered, clear, concise,
Great Course and enjoyed every moment of it.
great introduction to the positive pychology
Very well presented, good visuals & stories
Excellent context and approach.learnt a lot
It is a honour to learn from prof Seligman.
DEPTH SUBSTANCE AND UNDERSTANDABLE TEACHING
Great Course, learned so much, broad topics
I had an amazing experience in this course.
I could see the several angles of the life.
mad respect. extremely inspired. thank you.
Excellent course!!! Thank you very much!!!
Great material!  Can't wait to learn more!
Amazing course!!! I highly recommend it!!!
This class have been Great! Thanks MArtin!
It was a great way to begin this subject.
Fantastic course and content.  Thank you!
Amazing course! I highly recommend it! :)
Really interesting course. More like this
Great taster of this subject, I loved it!
great professor great teaching thank you
Extremely useful and interesting! Enjoy!
Very interesting, enjoyed it, thank you.
It was an excellent course beyond words.
Proud to be a part of it, learnt a lot.
Very fun., interesting and informative!
Amazing course, would highly recommend!
Great knowledge of positive psychology!
I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course.
The best course and i enjoyed the class
It was interesting and very enjoyable.
Such a rich course. Worth every penny!
Excellent. Martin Seligman is brillant
Great content, very useful information
Thankk you, thank you, thank you <3 !!
Best professor ever:  Martin Seligman.
Wonderful course. 

Highly Recomended
Excellent to hear from Dr. Seligman!!
EASY TO FOLLOW, EXCELLENT INFORMATION
The best cours in my life! Thank you!
Best online psychology course so far!
Outstanding and life-changing course!
Exceptionally good and usefule course
This is so much fun and interesting!
Great teacher, makes it look easy...
Its an interesting learning journey!
Very informative, thought-provoking.
A wonderful educational experience.
Interesting, useful and challenging
Excellent ! loved it all the way !!
Very insightful and easy to follow.
Amazing course, really interesting!
It is very useful for personal life
Great knowledge that can be shared!
One of the best course of my life !
It's a great and wonderful course.
It is an amazing learning process.
Really inspiring! Changed my life!
An incredibly eye-opening course!
Very well planned and resourced..
Depth and accessibility. Perfect.
I am leaning so much! Incredible.
This course was very insightful.
it has just broadened my horizon
Truly action inspiring research!
This course was very revealing.
Amaizing! Thank you everything!
A great course and lots of fun!
Fabulous material and delivery!
A must-learn course ever seen.
i have learned a lot.thank you
Great course! Learned a lot!!!
Amazing content!!! loved it!!!
Tremendous and transformative.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course.
Wonderful absolutely loved it!
Loved this informative course!
This is an eye-opening course!
Inspirational and Informative
Awesome course!! High spirits
it was a wonderful experience
A life-changing event!... :-)
very informative and engaging
very well done helpful course
Amazing Foundational Course!
uff super excelent very good
This is an excellent course!
Great discover. Just try it!
Wonderful and Life-Changing!
It was sensational! I loved!
thanks a lot for every thing
learning from Marty himself!
Amazing course - learnt alot
Please go ahead and enroll!
This is a MUST TAKE COURSE!
Great course for a lifetime
Amazing! I really loved it!
Everyone should take this.
I am genuinely loving this
Amazing and life changing!
This is an awesome course!
Extraordinary experience.
Excellent cous! Thank you
Thanksfor a great course.
Simply life changing! :)
Extraordinary!I loved It
Very useful, I love it.
Worth the time it took!
Mind opening - a must !
Very good yet too short
the course is very nice
It was really engaging
Absolutely wonderfull"
Awesome and inspiring.
Completely revelatory.
Truly amazing science!
thankyou prof Seligman
Fantastic knowledge!!
Absolutely loved it!
I am learning a lot!
Mind blowing. Do it.
Simply fascinating!
Insightful course!
Great methodology!
Great professor!!!
its a great course
Great foundations!
best things to get
Fantastic Course!
This is AWESOME!
Really like it.
very motivating
Really worth it
it's terrific !
Learn so much!
The Best coure
Life Changing
Really Good !
Phenomenal
Good one..
So great.
Informing
Enjoyed!
