I really wanted to love this course. The video content offers a few tiny pearls of wisdom, but I gather that you could just read the book called Contagion and get exactly the same content without spending $100. Apprehensive about other Coursera offerings now.
I learned nothing from this course actually, it is so basic and unpersonal it seems a bit of oximoron, considering it had to teach us how to craft viral messages. It's just a step above a Ted talk.
I would not recommend this course. The presentation slides and the given examples were rather boring.  I did not learn any pragmatical strategy for my daily life as a marketeer.
The Course is very short and lacks the depth and practice.
This course is titled "How to Craft Contagious Content," but it, at no point, asks that you practice doing so. Instead, it is a (short) series of videos followed by quizzes that I could have passed without ever watching said videos. Anyone looking to employ a content producer of any kind will want to see that you have experience doing so, and I thought this course would provide an opportunity to craft content and receive feedback on it. I do not think this course is worth the money.
Not enough information. Not enough learning happening. Need a longer course - this was more like a conference talk
Requiring payment, especially such a high payment, to take the quizzes for such a simple class is ridiculous.
more practical advices would be better than repetitively say "there is a science behind a viral content"
Expected more. Nothing new, if you already had some ties into marketing.
If you read his book that's enough nothing new then.
Small amount of information, which 
obviously
This is interesting, (especially learning how things often work in a counter-intuitive manner) informative and well-presented, but I wouldn't call it a course.  It is much more like a seminar, albeit a good one, akin to a few TED talks broken up into bite-sized pieces with four quizzes, each after about 30 minutes of material divided into several segments.  It can be completed in two hours.  There is a lack of student discussion, which for me, is one of the most enjoyable and useful aspects of MOOCs.  I wish Coursera would make it clear when a course is on-demand, as was done previously.  I understand Coursera is seeking to find ways to monetize their product, and perhaps it is worthwhile for some to spend $95 for a certificate from Wharton, employing the prestige of the institution for use as a diploma mill.  I have taken other MOOCs that demand 6-12 weeks of serious effort with the cost of the certificate at half your cost.  A bit off-topic:  The professor mentioned deciding to wear a jacket in order to be taken seriously due to his youthful appearance.  I understand the problem, as I was once mistaken for a high school intern when I was a 27-year-old college graduate, and I was probably carded until almost 40, which is ego-boosting for a female, except when hearing, "must have been some party," when I had been up with sick kids all night .  Unless it is especially fashionable in that neck of the woods, I would suggest losing the funky, bad perm; it was the first thing I noticed.  With that excellent, strong, masculine bone structure, there are many classic and modern styles that would be far more flattering.
The course provides you with some basic information about the viral marketing and how to craft contagious content. It is more like an introduction or an introductory class. Professor Berger's way of teaching is very professional and he supports the marketing theories with lots of interesting examples you can easily relate to. However, this course lacks more exercises and more lectures for the students. There are only 4 quizzes to test your knowledge. This is my second course here on coursera.com and I can't help comparing this one to the one I took 3 moths ago: A Life of Happiness and Fulfillment. That course cost me only 45$ and gave me so much more, compared to this one which costs 95$ and gives very little. I will presume that Professor Berger is new here on coursera.com and that the course creators wanted to use his name and reputation to attract more students, but for us who opt for the certificate (to possibly increase the job prospects) it is quite disappointing.
Hi! I am very disappointed that there is no possibilities to download the slides that are presented during videos. Why so, if I paid for the Course? Really, there is nothing difficult to pause a video and make a screenshot of a slide or cut it and insert into Word but why make it so difficult? I always keep slides from other Courses in order to refresh the materials later. And I believe that this possibility can also make the Course of Mr. Berger viral . If I can share his slides with my colleagues and refer to his Course, it can bring more students to him. Do I want now to share about this Course with anyone? Most likely not. If I would know about such inconvinience (no slides available for downloading)  beforehand I would not go to the Course at all. It gives very negative feeling both on the Professor's Attitude towards students and also on Coursera team towards its clients. Learning is a possibility to come back to notes of a Course later, refresh it in memory and use it in everyday life or at work. I would appreciate if the team of Coursera will consider this and provide with slides' download possibility in every Course or Inform after the titles of the Courses that the slides are not available for download. We will see then how many people would like to join such courses. Best regards, Natalia Turkulainen
Pretty basic info, and I breezed through the entire course in one evening. It was a great review and way to connect ideas and I enjoyed it, but there wasn't anything exceptionally profound or concrete that I learned from it. The quiz questions and answers could use an editor. They were practically unintelligible at times, with lots of typos, grammatical errors, missing words, and more. Definitely wouldn't be worth $95, but great and enjoyable as something that you just listen to for an evening.
This course would be of great support for an undergrad student looking into other areas of marketing and research. The content is not new, actually feels a bit date given the examples used. I did enjoy the course because I like to learn and test my learning, BUT it lacks depth.  There is no reading material which would have helped with the lack of depth. Bottom line for me is, I get a certificate in LinkedIn from Wharton, but truth be told anyone can audit this.
It was a nice general course that did not go into detail about its content. It provided a general idea and started a conversation but I did not feel like I learned as much as I could have about the proposed topics. Technically speaking the sound was really low and the quizzes sometimes had unrelated answers with errors. Overall I do not regret taking the course, however I am left with feeling that I did not gain as much as I wanted to from it.
Jonah Berger delivers an interesting course on some of the key aspects of marketing and content generation. However, there is a difference between learning how to do something and learning how something happens. The course, in my opinion, fails to clearly show HOW to craft contagious content and shows only a little bit of the science that would help understand HOW contagious content is produced and spreads.
This course is brief and very concrete. It introduces key concepts to help you to create content that matters. I strongly recommend you to complete it if you are playing a community manager role, or if you are working in a marketing team, or even if you are a learning content developer, as you will find here a lot of tips to engage your learners.
All in all it is a great course to find resources and get a general overview of how things catch on. I liked it as an introduction to the subject, but I do think that more excercises were in order to fully grasp the theory that was very well illustrated by examples in the videos, and actually learn how to craft the contagious content.
Nice course. What I like the most is that Berger combines his ideas about contagiousness and Heath brothers' ideas about ideas' stickiness (which he also doesin his book Contagiousness) with Social Network Analysis which is the logical next step - which ideas stick + which ideas get shared + what is the sharing infrastructure.
Overall the course was just alright. Being an advertising professional, a lot of the information was a bit dated, the course materials (ie. presentation materials) were't clear nor concise and many of the topics were things I already knew (which is a bit of a bummer given the price of the course). On to the next course.
The course was good but provided only a brief overview on the topic and if you want a certificate you have to pay Euro 85,00. The course includes only 2.5 hours of video lectures and there are no additional readings available. I did the whole course within one day. Don't know why this course should be that expensive!
The inclusion of weekly assignments wherein the candidate is required to apply the weekly concepts learned in a case study/situation would have provided more value to the course; and also it would have given a chance to the learner to actually try and craft contagious content.
Very interesting material, presented by a consummate educator/performer. Not at all clear how to apply this interesting information, though. I think this course is missing at least 2 weeks of work that integrates the information and suggests practical pathways for use.
While the course was interesting, I personally felt that the examples that were provided were not recent (actually quite dated). I really hope they update the course with more updated content to make it relevant and engaging for people enrolling.
Most things were what I already knew about since I have done my MSc Marketing but there were still some ideas/concepts that I hadn't learnt or not really focused on which were an eye opener. Thank you providing with this great opportunity.
It was a good course but I found it very redundant with his  book, would have preferred if he built on and expanded on the ideas in Contagious.  I also found it short, almost like a mini-course, about 5 hours to complete.
Great course, a great refresher for those needing a little assistance or motivation. Really happy I did the course, do wish there was less examples (videos/ads) and more content. Overall, good course.
The course content is interesting but it is way too short and so little content inside,  a bit disappointing.....  Nevertheless, thank you very much for creating this course.  I enjoyed it.
Interesting content with lively delivery. However, the course is extremely brief and certainly not worth 95 USD. I'd see more value in buying the professor's book.
This was useful, I imagine I will have to take another course to supplement this basic information. I just wish the sound had been more audible.
Simple and easy. It's more like an introductory lecture, than a full course. But it's quite good. It's just I have missed more information.
Interesting information provided, however the last two weeks were more useful than the introductory weeks. Thanks and best wishes.
Good insights and very interesting but doesn't go as deep as it's expected from a 4 week course. Still, I would recommend it.
Good general tips. Completed it in a week. Lectures are short so if you have the focus and time, do it in 1-2 days. :)
It was a good course. I just wish the quizzes/tests were more challenging and allowed us to put the skills to use.
Very interesting content but more of a marketing for own books. Thanks nevertheless for the insightful course
It's very concrete information related to a particular book, but the ideas are simple and easy to understand
It wasn't bad or good, I was hoping to learn more information but I will walk away with a few nuggets.
High quality content but unf. its too short to aquire an deeper insight into viral marketing.
The foundations may still hold true but the references are really outdated.
It's good course to know abouts basics of crafting contagious content..
I would have liked more examples and ways to apply these learnings.
Good for watching, but need more exercise.
Content was good but not very helpful.
Very Basic Information.
I loved the course for its micro approach to understanding public and personal behavior. It introduced me to the different facets of behavioral psychology of consumers and the underlying phenomenon behind the macro interactions and responses to certain ideas. I loved the fact that it was quick in its duration and length, I'd have loved doing an assignment as at least one of the assessments though. Thank you Coursera, Thank you Jonah and UPenn for designing this course. Looking forward to learning more here.
Very good and very well thought of course. Great lectures, thorough explanation
with great intriguing examples. I wished however to go more deeper into this
and maybe have been shown how to apply this practically in business.
The course was informative but as it was mentioned that its a 4 week course i think it should be mentioned that its a 1 week course
Very useful and practical information. Very nice (engaging) content and presentation. I wish it was a bit more long and more involved. Current format is too concise and quick (overview type), would love to have more deeper (depth) course in future. And, ideally, the quizzes should have different questions presented in each attempt with only maximum 3 attempts ever allowed. That's the only way to test us (students) to know how much we have grasped.Thanks to all who put it together and gave us an opportunity to learn, that too free and on-demand. I have taken many courses in Coursera in last 2 years and ones from Wharton (Univ of Penn) are close to the best ones among all.
This is a fairly basic course about using psychology to influence others to take up your message, product, or service. I really liked the professor's use of visual aids during the lectures to help in communicating the topics being taught. I only wish the course was a little longer, and the professor could perhaps add something in about the possible ethical issues of using the two methods taught. The professor could add in a final peer-review written assignment - as there is no final - where students choose what message they want to convey given a choice of products or services, and how they would craft contagious content to communicate this message to others.
Content taught by Professor Berger is really interesting. By explaining clearly the science behind the creation of contagious content, he is able to actually share some non-obvious and counter intuitive information about the matter, which is probably going to be very useful professionally. However, I would say that the information provided is more of a seminar rather than a course. Besides that, tests are too easy and I wish it would have analytical and discursive exercises that would require more effort of the students and therefore, a true understanding of the concepts.
I enjoyed the content of this course, but I wish there was more to it - it was too brief. It would be nice to have more practical content with ideas about how to make these ideas work in one's company. Or to just tease out the strategies he discussed. Perhaps having reading assignments and other sorts of resources available would have made this course a richer experience. It feels much more like a taste rather than the whole meal.
Great course that will give you all the things to think about when crafting good content. The classes are the right length, they provide great examples that help you remember their content. It could go a little further into strategies. I also felt that the tests could involve more practical exercises like redrafting of weak content, for example, to put things into practice rather than "simple" multiple choices tests.
There was a typo in the week 4 course, occasionally side topics were discussed to thoroughly, whilst more important topics, such as concrete strategies to approach potential clients were completely left out. In week 3, there was also too much time dedicated to the examples in commercials. Week 2 lacked a lot of crucial studies and information that would have been paramount to this topic.
I am new in marketing, just getting importance of it at my new job. In my expirience, I found the course easy and facinating beacause, it allowed me to know the basics. I found the answer for that famous question; Why is my product not having the sales I want? If its that good, compered to the market. Why is that my information is that basic and other people get that more attention?
Overall, the course is easy to understand and the professor presents plenty of examples and cases to make your understanding better and it's fun. But I wouldn't recommend this course to those seeking for a learning on a practical level or something that can be put into work immediately. This course deals more about concepts and theories of viral marketing. Still worth learning.
Really liked the content and the presentation. I'd have loved if you could've added a case study or two and helped us assess how well we're applying the SUCCESs and STEPPS frameworks. Your explanations were very neatly framed and simple to understand. I'd love to reach out to you sometime with a business problem to understand if my application of these frameworks makes sense.
Very fresh view and quality approach on a very interesting topic. On top of that I really enjoyed the effectiveness of the instructor in delivering the materials. I will give it a 4/5 and not a 5/5 because in my opinion the slides of the lectures should have been made available and also I expected the modules to have more materials. But nonetheless, a high quality course.
I enjoyed it a lot. He breaks it down into to easy to understand processes and then gives good examples. I like the way he uses the word 'imagine', asking us to try create a picture of what he is trying to describe. He great examples also assist in creating cues to remember. it would have been nice to have had an exercise to do.. to put his theory to practice.
The course is well designed and articulate. However from the POV of a working professional (working in Brand Management for about 4 years) I found the initial modules a bit generic. Also if you could include certain tangible metric for the assement of potentially viral content that would make it a little more applicable in day to day working.
The course covers both theory and practice. It is therefore useful for both academicians and practitioners. I strongly recommend it. In a future follow up course there could be more teaching on how to make products or ideas viral on social networks such as LinkedIn, facebook, twitter. Maybe on when or how to post the content on social media.
Fantastic Course, very well crafted for an online environment. The course was well planned and gave us a clear view on how things happen and what we need to do to get something like this in place. The lecturer was so good, this gave me an understanding on what to expect from a college like this and the value that they deliver.
Loved it! I think it would be great to add some updated videos about Social Media examples since it has grown a lot in the last few years. The most recent examples were the ALS campaign and I think there's a whole lot more to try to explain the principles from the class. Overall, very nice experience and also very helpful.
Great tips that made a lot of sense.  These were delivered in an easy manner and the instructor was quite credible.  Videos were short and to the point.  Would have been great if there had been some specific exercises to conduct or a short project to work, where we could apply the learnings from the sessions.
Generally a nice push into the right direction. Makes you think and makes sense - Although very broad. For a course with a certification not representative at all. I would not feel comfortable showing this at a job interview. It's basically the quick video summary of his book I assume... Not very scientific.
The course was very beneficial in knowing the scientific and psychological impact of consumer behaviors and social influence. Professor Jonah was great and he was able to make every point very clear. However I expected the course to have more reading  materials or project or any sort of other activities too.
A very useful course. Professor Berger's style of delivery is good. It opened up my eyes to different aspects of viral marketing in a coherent and cogent manner. It may be useful to incorporate one more week to actually show how to craft contagious content using the different aspects taught earlier.
Great info and insights, presented in appropriate lesson length and depth. I do suggest that someone take a look at the questionnaire content for grammar and general comprehension. Several questions were confusing; I wasn't sure what they were asking, due to grammatical errors. Strange but true!
While short & to the point, I would have liked to see more examples of each concept in order to better illustrate the point. Also, more data on the science behind his material would be appreciated. Despite only auditing the course, I was marked late for the quizzes which I could not take.
Usefull information, clear explanations, and I liked the examples as real advertisement. Teacher has good energy to communicate and the structure of the course makes sense and it is easy to follow. The course was quite short, and I missed more techniques to create viral / sticky content.
Being a second year business administration student, I found this course very interesting. I have a vague idea about Marketing and the information that i learned will surely help me. However, maybe we can use a bit more visual example to explain each concepts. Great lectures, Thank you!
Very easy to follow. Teacher speaks very clearly and provides good examples. The course is very dynamic. I put only four stars because I found that the last week did not bring enough interesting material compared to the others (did not feel like taking any notes). Thank you very much ;)
The course was very easy to digest with interesting stories to help remember why certain marketing content is exactly what this course describes as "viral and contagious content". However, I do wish it went a bit more in-depth for those of us who are no stranger to the marketing world.
I enjoyed the content of the class and it sparked me to become a more well rounded graphic designer and consultant. Though some information and the class went by quickly, I'm eager to look into other resources to help further my understanding of the science of marketing.
Thank you to Prof. Jonah Berger to have made this course easily understandable!It was such a pleasure to learn from him who is teaching in a prestigious University as UNIVERSITY OF PENNSYLVANIA. Thank you to #Coursera to make this great platform available to everyone.
The course has been effective in communicating the concepts through numerous examples. the course pattern and design helps connect the learning islands for the student. Use of activities or tasks or smaller practical quiz may enhance the learning and participation.
This course had a ton of great information about marketing! There were a lot of relatable stories and tons of examples that really help the course content stick. It's a relatively short course which makes me wish it were free to complete and not just audit.
It has good information but I wish it would let you submit the quizzes without forcing you to upgrade. The grading is automatic and it's a good way of making sure you're understanding the content of the course even if you are not getting the certificate.
The course give you the main points to consider and think about while struggling to create influential and viral contents. However, I expected something more in-depth. Overall, for the little time you need to finish the course, it is worth enrolling. :)
Very interesting and engaging. I think I finished the first three weeks in two evenings. Will definitely recommend this course to others. A lot of the material is common sense, psychology wise but not something most of us think to on a day to day basis.
The only downside of the course was that it seemed so short. The lectures could have been longer and further in-depth. I only say this is because i absolutely enjoyed myself and learnt a lot about the power of content and network creation. Much needed.
This was really helpful for me to understand social behaviours and how they influence the spread of ideas. I hope to take another similar course in the future from Prof. Berger! He talks clearly and explains stuff in a way everyone can understand.
Thank you for the up mood and positive attitude while teaching the class. It helped me finish it a lot earlier that I expected. However I thought the lessons and the assignments would be more in depth and would give me more news on the subject.
Simple and easy to understand, but I think if more tools tips (practical information) it will be better than this one. My expectation for this course is about the hack to make a viral marketing with knowledge and the tools. However, it is okay!
The course itself is very good; Interesting, fun, and full of knowledge. Though the video sound is very low and they have a few test errors. I am sure the test errors and video sound will be fixed shortly. Other then than I love the course.
Very easy to understand and follow. No abundance of theories, but with several interesting case. However, the course still remains at a relatively theoretical level which doesn't bridge the gap between concepts and real life application.
It was a great course for me, as a business student, to know more about viral marketing and how the viral content is made and shared on various social platforms.It will also help people who are into blogging or any type of creative work.
My only issues was the video - the sound isn't loud enough. Even when I put the sound on max on the webpage and on my laptop I struggled to hear what the professor was saying (some moderate noise in other rooms of my appartment).
The course is interesting and very informative and useful.Professor Jonah does great work explaining and demonstrating the material.For improvement - a little more assignments would help better assimilate the course material.
Lots of useful and interesting information. Moves VERY fast, and would be nice to tie EVERYTHING together in the end, and maybe have some peer graded assignments so we can try to put everything into perspective and practice.
Very useful tips on how to generate contagious content. However, I would have liked to see more practical examples related to social media (Facebook, Instagram and Youtube specific hints to help something becoming viral...)
It shows a new perspective on marketing, it is pretty superficial but enough to give you material on which to research new topics to continue your learning on a somewhat obscure marketing area, which is contagious content.
If you can 'explain' why certain pictures are great, you are a great photographer. This course will help you identify and understand the science why certain ideas/products go viral and guide you to create one yourself.
Fun, short and easily understood. I highly recommend anyone with an interest in psychology and business to take this course so that you can implement some of the strategies learned from this course into your workplace!
The professor is very humorous,and the cases that he mentioned are really vivid and useful. The concepts that I have learned from the subject could be applied to my future working career. Really recommend this course.
I did not like that, in order to score my quiz, I had to upgrade and pay. The content was great... very useful. And I can't see how to make the course complete even though I won't upgrade to finish the quizzes.
Very eye-opening and useful information that once can apply in practice. I enjoyed the course a lot. Just one thing, personally, I would also appreciate to have some assignment(s) in addition to the quizzes.
Instructor was a great lecturer which kept me interested during the videos - something that I sometimes find online courses to be lacking. Material is interesting and useful. I very much enjoyed the course.
Very interesting content, excellent real life examples and case-studies. The course could benefit from more interaction and project or problem solving aimed at applying the content one is learning about.
Professor Berger was an extremely engaging lecturer. I don't know how much I can take from this particular course and apply to my current job but he certainly gave me a number of items to think about.
The content provided was very insightful. I do wish that more of the referenced materials in the lectures were sited accessibly with more links. (to be fair links to studies were sometimes provided)
Very well organized teaching material, easy to follow yet help guide me through "HOW" to craft content to accomplish a good content or even present ourselves through different media.Thank you
quite useful on a high-level, with examples to illustrate the key ideas and sciences behind why things catch on. Would like to read more in-depth of the book, or have more updated examples!
Overall great content. The assignments were quite basic so essentially the learning can be enhanced by adding on some assignments are customized and help imbibe the theoretical knowledge.
Interesting, catchy, informative, easy to digest with the use of good and simple examples! Just a bit too theoretical without providing enough how-to's - at least what I expected to see!
The course is very interesting and the speaker is truly spectacular. For improvement, if any were needed, I would put a pinch of interaction more, maybe with some practical exercise.
The content of the course is great... but it is expensive if you consider that there is not that much. It can be completed in two/three hours easily and it is more like a seminar.
Loved the classes by Prof Jonah Berger. I felt there was more content. Other than that it was simple to understand and the professor illustrated with excellent examples. Loved it.
It was a pleasure to take up this course , it doesn't feel like a course because the content is interesting.Thanks to the University,the Professor and Coursera for featuring it.
Excellent course! I loved learning how to craft contagious content with Jonah Berger. This course definitely helped me with my online business. I'm really thankful for that!
The Course has helped me understand the science behind creating content that can help spread information about products or services in the most effective manners. Thank You!
Very solid. Love how concise the whole course was. The only thing that I felt it was missing was access to other resources for more in depth research on particular topics.
For some reason,I found this course a lot less boring.Most of the ideas in the course were intuitive but the instructor gives solid understanding for each one of them.
It's concret, effective and with interesting resources. Great communication and powerfull and practical ideas. I'd love more steps and weeks. Congrats to everyone!
Great course, easy to understand. I would have loved a bit more as far as coming up with ideas on how to craft our own content. But it does help regardless!
I think that exceeded my expectations by taking the course,  and I am very happy for this. I have put in practice all the teory. I am gratefull. Thank you.
Useful course to understand viral marketing in a simple and effective way. Loved the analogies, examples given for every concepts. Professor is awesome
Jonah Berger   you have done a fab job!!very interesting course to a newbie like me.like the out of box thinking examples quoted throughout the course
Brief course (1-1.5 hours a week) with good points for practical application. Sometimes a bit theoretical without apparent practical application.
This course was an excellent introduction to the topic. A next level in which the concepts are addressed at a deeper level would be helpful.
Good info, easy quizzes, fun examples, quite common sense, but good to brush up on the theories/concepts behind the different strategies.
i really liked the way professor expressed the content.inspite of being  abslututely new to this field icould understand it really well.
Valuable information and great to refresh a lot of things. However, still very basic and more of an introduction than digging deeper.
Great general overview of the subject. I've been able to inject some of the principles to my business approach to marketing already.
It is a good course and the lectures given  by professor jonah berger are informative.I am NOW eager to read his book, Contagious...
it gave me some new information on Marketing that i didnt know before, and it was easy to understand and approach for new learners.
The content is easy to understand but maybe too light. The professor is great and have a nice voice. It's easy to understand.
Great course, very engaging. Wish there was more homework, or other hands on exercises to really lock in the new knowledge.
Great great course! Chocked full of very useful information. Awesome instructor. Never a dull moment. doesn't bore at all.
Loved it, wish there was more information, and more in depth. Like a how to step by step so it can be applied to everyone.
Insightful, easy to digest content that is helpful in rethinking how one might approach storytelling and marketing.
Simple to understand and implement concept, explained very well by the professor. Should have more group exercises.
Extremely well presented, fleshes the challenges of viral marketing and adds to your social media marketing skills.
Light, breezy course with a conversational tone. Easy to get through, easy to understand, and enjoyable to learn.
I enjoyed the course but I think adding a practical aspect to it like an assignment would make it more effective
Some of the content are too outdated. It'd be great if the lessons link to social media/ online marketing more.
I love it, Its very easy to understand and practical this course, I hope to re open to take the certification.
Good Introductory course; could have been much more intensive with project submissions and more interactivity.
Easy to understand concepts and a great introduction to what makes things go viral! Loved every minute of it!
Knowing the value of the course it's making me make my work and efforts that much more effective! Thank you!
Good chance to renew your knowledge or, if you start from scratch, to get in to the idea of viral marketing.
Interesting topic, well explained using a lot of practical examples. Could have gone deeper into the topics.
I've really appreciated this course. The Instructor Jonah Berger is very capable in conveying the concepts.
The theory was fine, but I think it may need more practice on the learning process. Content is very useful.
Very interesting and useful, I've just add more examples and practical use of the Idea.Thank you very much.
Easy to understand and interesting lectures that gives a clear view of the topics within a very short time.
The course provided some good material. Some of the material was basic knowledge and some were new to me.
Interesting course. Was short, concise and to the point. I liked that the videos were short yet engaging.
I thought this was a very in-depth yet concise course. However, I wouldn't mind having harder questions.
Great content and examples. I wish there were more practical exercises to help to create viral content.
I didnt pay for the course but still the content is valuable, the professor is good at explaining stuff
I liked the course but I wish it was a bit bigger.  It was nice that there were many examples given!
Content is great! Maybe we could have more practical exercises to craft content and submit to group.
The concepts are good really insightful. However, some actionable strategies would add more value.
The class was very informative and will aid in my quest to improve my digital marketing schools.
very simple tp understand and speaker is very interactive and natural as well in explaining
A lot of good content. I took a lot of notes. I'd like to see a bit more specific "how to".
Great course, I think everybody should understand this. It is a great learning for life :)
The content is very informative. Would prefer slides to be available as pdf in the course.
my thought changed after this course .and i suggest everyone who wants to start marketing.
Simple and pragmatic, lots of good tips about the concepts behind effective viral content
The course is very informative and useful.  Adding more exercises would help to students.
Easy to understand but profoundly based. But there could have been more course material.
Slightly simple, but well done in any case. Good for those with no marketing background.
Easy to follow. Short and Sweet. Finished the content in far less time than estimated.
Interesting content, however a bit superficial (which was expected considering the len
Very helpful course and i have learned alot of things through this education journey.
Show you the basic principles of how to make you spread your ideas and communication!
Excellent summary of social network marketing.  It was well worth the time invested.
The first two weeks were easy to apply to real life, the last two are a bit harder.
Good content, short and simple.    Takeaway (SUCCES) is one you will remember!  :-)
Very informative and easy to follow. Lecturer speaks in a clear and concise manner.
Pretty interesting, but not that specific to a certain type of product or service.
A very good course, covers a lot of things that piques your interest in marketing.
simple and effecient tips for everyday corporate life on how to ignite ones ideas.
Engaging content, segments easily digestible and valuable information. Thank you!
Very enlightening and currently relevant course. I wish it were longer!Thank you!
Great short lectures, could use a little more detail on creating content itself
Great course, very useful information and a very good and agreeable teacher :)
Informative course.  Most of Week 4 reminded me of Gladwell's Tipping Point.
Very informative and well thought out structure to the way it was presented.
Good course. I learned a lot and I enjoy how interactive this course is.
this was a great learning exercise! I wish we had some assignments too.
A great reminder that things that go viral are not always by accident.
Very good course! Very interesting and involving, but... too short....
Good teacher, great format. Could be a bit more advanced in the future
Great integration of multiple ideas and tied with real life examples.
This was an excellent course! I really enjoyed it and learned a lot.
I really liked this course. Very interesting content and examples.
Great tips. All mentioned make sense and helpful. It is inspiring.
Very intuitive and fun. Boost your business ideas with influence!
A few more examples would have been better. Otherwise, all good!
Well prepared course, with clear descriptions and examples used.
Fun courses with some interesting ideas.   Thanks, I enjoyed it.
The human physiology revealed in this course is truly amazing .
This is a good one. I got a couple of the books it suggested.
A very insightful course which outlines key marketing skills.
It was very interesting, very philosophical and practical.
It was great! Got to learn a different side to marketing
Good, but I was hoping for something more rigorous.
Great course.Really loved the content and examples.
Interesting, definitely helpful, but a bit shallow.
Very informative, interactive, Helpful. Loving it
Very practical insights into the subject matter.
The courde content is really reach and helpful.
great course and very helpful. short and crisp
Very good Primer, but need to get more indepth
Excellent content, I wish it had more material
Informative and taught in an engaging manner!
this is  great course, thank you coursera.
this has been an interesting eye opener :)
Nice course but maybe a bit too abstract.
I was expecting the quizzes to be harder
Great! Somewhat short but very concise
Interesting, but could have more depth
wonderful small and effective course
Absolute good and value added course
well structured, useful information
Good insights with simple examples
Some really great ideas to apply.
Great course!very informational!
Short and straight bro the point
Voice low but content is good.
Easy to understand and concise
Great course concise and sharp
very useful and interesting
Good course, I enjoyed it.
INTRESTING COURSE!
Super informative!
Pretty interesting
Very useful course. I had already read the whole book "Contagious" so it helped me a lot before actually starting this online course. The material is very intersting and filled with useful insights.
Very interesting subject! There's science behind all viral contents. It's not the luck. Very easy to understand and put into practice. Best teacher I've ever learned with. Love this course so much!
The course provides very useful insights and tips, and is very relevant for marketers who wish to better reach out to their prospective customers. It would be great if there were some practical hands on exercises that cements the concepts taught in this course.
Easy to digest and immediately applicable.
Pleasant tone, many tangible illustrations that bring the theory to life. Well-balanced pace. Could be complemented by a practical exercise - but perfect for working professionals who have less time.
I recently started a new position in my company and this course really helped me figure out how to take our content creation to the next level.
One of the best marketing courses I've taken so far! Berger explain every concept in a very easy-to-understand way. Highly recommendable!
Such a fun and interesting learning experience! Thankful for the privilege to learn from Mr. Berger!
Awesome course. Excellent content and teaching methods were easy to understand and learn.
Really useful. Science behind marketing. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic. Need more course on this topic.
Educational and eye opening, the instructor offered amazing content with examples and links to further look into the topics mentioned. A great tool to have for anyone in business, sales, or marketing.
The course is very helpful and informative. I enjoy all the examples and materials of it. Totally recommend this course to people who want to further improve their influence as an effective marketer!
Great info that inspires new ideas for marketing content. Very interesting and enjoyable!
Great course that give you a structured approach to achieving virality.
Good information and great videos from mr. Berger!
Very good content. Useful.
Good place to start.
Thx for this course
Great...
It has been an amazing journey into Viral Marketing course, i will be missing lectures so much, thank you Professor Berger for giving me a chance to go through this course. Creative atmosphere,great and concrete examples of marketing successfully made actions from well-known world companies, SUCCESs rule is 100% to use,consistent information full of science facts,marketing bases and rules how to gain more influence on market within the power of social networkall this very well explained and very useful in terms of providing more success to business, ideas or whatever you're interested to promote.i highly recommend to go through this Course and get all the marketing tricks into your business/work experience
Non-pretentious, simple, interesting, and has that professor charisma that make classes enjoyable. Many professors teach incredibly interesting content but deliver that content by reciting powerpoints, dull, and no emotion or energy while speaking. Prof Berger's classes are just right. Not too short, not too long, not speaking too loudly, but by finding that right balance. A lot of Coursera courses seem interesting and their content is interesting but the way professor teaches just seems miserable and like a waste of time. Glad to see that's not the case here.
Awesome course , completed the course in one day.The delivery of the lectures of Mr. Jonah Berger is really nice & he has compressed so much material in almost 2 hours of video with relevant real world examples.Although,I feel the level of quizzes could be a lot higher & questions could be asked from a real world example given in a paragraph or video.That, being said I would highly recommend this course especially if you are planning to start your own business or want to grow your current business or in general if you are interested in Business & Management.
I took this course when I was launching a new internal product. I've always been an individual contributor. So, having to convince and make the new product CATCH ON is totally outside my comfort zone. Prof Jonah Berger has laid out key frameworks and vivid examples in his lectures. The lessons stick on my memory and spur new ideas for my project. I've started applying the principles introduced in this course to my project and the participation rate improved significantly in 2 weeks!  Thank you again for your hard work in this marvelous field.
I am a recently graduated student with a limited knowledge on marketing to begin with. This course helped me gained a good understanding on the aspects you need to look into when crafting viral marketing content. I was privileged to complete this paid course free-of-charge, this means so much! Thanks Coursera for this wonderful opportunity.To tell more about the course, the use of examples, how the topics were divided and taught made me come back for more from Week-1 onward. Looking forward to learn more at Coursera. THANKS A LOT!!
Indeed an insightful course that is simply a must for anyone who wants to understand irrational, i.e. human, audiences better and communicate effectively. It is NOT just about viral marketing in the common sense. Concise yet full of interesting knowledge, with compelling real-world examples. Professor Berger's delivery is lively and natural yet always professional. As a next step, I'd be definitely interested in going more in-depth with further training on how to turn the knowledge acquired into practical skills.
A highly informative, applicable& easy to follow course by absolutely knowledgeable professor. The thorough, well-organized& engaging course content reflects the the professionalism & the extensive knowledge of the professor in this field. Really looking forward to enrolling in other courses by professor Jonah Berger & Wharton University of Pennsylvania. Thank you so much for giving me the opportunity to learn from you. Merry Christmas &Happy New Year. May all the blessings of the season shine upon you.
The professor is awesome. I like how he explains and the content he teaches is just so amazing with all the examples and case studies he brings up, but I don't like the idea that if I want to submit quiz answers, I should pay for the certificate in advance. I haven't decided whether I'll pay for the certificate, but I thought if i complete the course , I would definitely pay for that. The system that I should pay in advance, I would lose the chance to pay for the certificate in the future.
Dear Professor Berger,let me express my utter admiration of your amazing course! The material is so easy to understand, vivid examples and great explanantion made it such a pleasure to watch every video. I did the full course in two days beacause i just couldn't stop watching the videos, they are just fantastic! Thank you so much for your work, I feel like i have opened a new chapter in my life where i am likely to  fall in total love with Marketing. Best regards, Kholkina Anastasiya
The course, though short, is filled with insightful information on what makes products stick and how decisions are influenced. The length was actually one of the reasons I picked this course, given how easily it can be assimilated. Professor Berger's explanations are fantastic and really kept me focused throughout. The included snippets from famous ads really allowed me to appreciate the way marketers utilised various principles to better position their brands in the subconscious.
I loved this course. I enjoy every week and I found it very interesting. I don't have any other experience studying the psychological aspect of marketing so this was all really useful for me. At the other side some things were familiar to me since I have a Bachelor in Communications. In general it was an amazing course, specially if you already have some knowledge on marketing and other similar study areas to deepen your strategies. Thank you for creating this, again, loved it.
This is awesome! It highlight some fundamental things, that we may often not take into consideration, that we should do when we are trying to get people to pay attention. It's a big world and a lot of noise and these simple steps to get notice over all the noise.This course goes hand in hand with the Advertisement Design course that I just concluded. I'm keeping the videos for this course cause it will be my go to reference whenever I am considering creating content.
This is an excellent course that very elaborately explains the key concepts of a viral marketing campaign, with the help of suitable examples. The focus of this course on Human Psychology and the difference between: the way we think we behave & the way we actually behave, makes this course outstanding, & a must take course as well. (Especially, you're curious about the marketing campaigns of Great Brands!)Thank You Coursera & Wharton Online, for this amazing course!
I read the book, Contagious, a few years ago and after completing it I immediately recommended it to my colleagues for our marketing department and when I saw this course come up I knew I'd have to take it. The first time I applied these concepts to one of our companies social media posts it became our furthest reaching post, by far. This is very simple, yet powerful material. Jonah does a great job using his own techniques to make this enjoyable and memorable.
Though this course is priced a bit higher than the others, I feel the course content really delivered in terms of delivering insights into how things go viral by taking us to the very root of our behaviour as humans and our relationships with others. A particularly useful course for marketers who deal with a lot of content and campaigns and want to find more ways of getting them to stick with their end consumers and ensure they spread the word on.
Wonderful content! Now I start to understand some phenomenon and why some product or idea or behavior goes viral while others not. It's not a simple matter of one is better than the other. It actually denpends much on who spreads them and how to spread them. I strongly recommend this course to everyone who is looking to figure out the science behind those superficail facts and know more about the reasons why those facts happened.
I've taken several courses here at Coursera but none of them come close to this one, simply the best proffesor I've ever had the opportunity to learn from. English is not my first lenguage but you still made it very easy for me to understand everything. Hopefully I get to attend one of your classes in person someday. Also, just bought your book Contagious, I'll begin reading that now that I'm done with the course. Thank you!!!
I think the course Viral
Marketing and How to Craft Contagious Content is excellent! The topics covered are not difficult
to understand at all and the instructor was able to explain them in a very
simple and easy way, making it fun to watch the classes. It helped me have a
better understanding of what he facts that helps ideas or products to spread are,
and how viral marketing works. Excellent course overall!
This was a wonderful course! Absolutely enjoyed every single lecture video uploaded and can't wait to utilize what I've learned into my future career. Huge shout out to the professor as well for being so articulate, clear, and empathetic to student learnings. The videos are separated into short ones so it's a lot easier retaining focus and the professor uses plenty of examples to understand concepts better!
For me there are 2 important things and if they are present I would feel that I have invested my time (the most valuable resource for me) wisely:a) Great content, presented in a concise and easily digestible mannerb) Great speaker that is able to engage you and that respects the time you are investing in their courseThis course scores very high for both the above and I therefore highly recommend it.
Awesome course! Jonah Berger explains everything in a simple and catchy way. I believe that I have learned a lot, and I really enjoyed the course. It would be nice if course transcription was provided. May be notes to read through along the material. But aside all that, a big thank you to Coursera and Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania and professor Berger for putting it all together.
This course is filled with very practical and useful information that is useful at every level of the corporate hierarchy, even when it comes to simple strategies for getting employees to retain information. Obviously, the primary motivation for taking this course is to spread your company's content, and the solutions provided in this course will go a long way toward achieving that objective.
Information is nicely presented and easy to digest. I work in marketing, and the learnings in this course are applicable to a lot of decision-making activities that we do. This will give you a better and fresher perspective in terms of brand positioning. Clear examples are provided, which allows for easy understanding no matter where you are in the world. Many thanks, from the Philippines.
Great crash course on making content viral. It gives you the science behind viral content and provides great tips on how to make contagious content and act on networks.It provides as well a great easy-to-understand psychological basis for all the phenomenae around us concoerning viral content. Recommended!! (this would be word-to-mouth, one of the techniques suggested by Prof. Berger :) )
This is a very interesting and informative course. It really digs into the science behind why and what people choose to share in social networking, giving the student an understanding of how and what content to publish to engage their audience. The information is delivered in an easy to understand, organized, and entertaining manner. The professor did a great job! I highly recommend it.
I found the course very comprehensive yet easy to understand. Kudos to Prof. Berger who used conversational words in his lecture, as well as fun and appropriate examples. Grateful also to Coursera for a very user-friendly website and mobile app, which enabled me to study and learn even as I commute to work or going home. Thanks a lot and I will definitely enroll in a similar class!
The course and its presentation is reflective of the content presented in that it does exactly what it says its going to do and holds your attention while doing it. This is the perfect course to learn how to things go viral, how to make a lasting impression stick after you've left the room, and even provokes the thought process on the importance of reputation management.
Professor An insightful course with actionable, intuitive frameworks and tips to analyse virality of a content as well as how to work on a viral story and campaign. Professor Jonah Berger teaches in a delightful manner in bite-sized lectures taht are easy to understand, remember, and put to practical use. Recommend it to everyone irrespective of their profession.
The best class ever i took. This course was in 4 weeks and i did it in 2 days.You know because the teacher was able to teach at a very high level of teaching methods. He was the best man. I had requested if i can interact with him and i can't find him. This part i didn't like at all.Please tell him to email me or give his email so i can reach out to him. Thanks.
I loved this class. The professor crafted the information in a way that was interesting instead of a boring lecture. Everything said was related to the topic at hand, and I enjoyed how he started with a story before each lesson began. He was good with showing each concept in marketing instead of just telling about each concept. I highly recommend the course!
Recommended to anyone working in advertising or marketing. It's a brilliant 'refresher' course where you might know some things but you'll definitely explore the science behind others. What makes this great is the way in which the course is conducted, Mr. Berger does a fantastic job by building relevant context and Coursera made it extremely convenient.
Prof. Berger has explained the concepts in a very easy manner, making it interesting to learn.  Concepts are relevant and very close to how humans connect, share and spread information, but we generally don't pay attention to such details. Thank you Prof, I'll try to be more observant hence on. A must course for marketing and advertising professionals!
Recommend to everyone this course. Valuable thoughts and insights on the way how you should craft the information to reach the goal. Not only to make the message to become sticky, but to reach the real person. This should be taught in every university as part of the Marketing course, to realize the potential of everything you can do with a Marketing.
I'd give 6 out of 5 stars if I could! Prof. Berger is so clear, concise, and does a stellar job at mixing some cool psychology that's so practical and relevant yet interesting at the same time. Anyone can take this course  and probably finish it in a week, just because of how intriguing it is. WARNING: Highly Addictive Course Material inside!!!!
A lot of useful information valuable for negotiation of almost any type of service or product marketing I can think of. At first, I didn't like so much the format, but then, the capacity of the lecturer to sntesis is astonishing and greatly outscored the standard presentations. Will probably take it as a future reference again. Thank you!
I totally loved what this course offered! Too excited to execute the knowledge and the ideas that I got from this. The information and knowledge that I learned from this course are exceptional and I think everybody, whether he/she is from marketing or not. must learn this as the psychological concepts were too amazing. Highly recommended.
I was skeptical of online learning after I had an unpleasant experience before, but Professor Berger is superb! His lectures are on-point, sharp, and flawless. He supply his lectures with science and give easy-to-understand examples. His course is quick, but it's enough to learn the fundamentals. Thank you, Sir, and to Coursera as well!
The ideas and thoughts put out on this course is useful in a vast variety of ways; not just in marketing your product or business, but in influencing people and getting ideas to catch on. What I enjoyed the most about the course was the way these ideas were presented, and how examples and coined terms wee used to highlight key concepts.
Jonah's information was easy to understand and was useful. Compared to some other courses, I didn't get bored learning. Although it wasn't about how to write an ad or make a video, he covered possibly the most important part of marketing; how ideas stick. Hopefully he'll teach more marketing classes. Thanks for all the useful knowledge.
I usually have trouble with online courses as it becomes very difficult to stay focused on the course as there is only virtual interaction. But this was just amazing, great content, great information flow through the lessons and amazing speech (it was never boring). Im very satisfied to have done this course and learnt this information
It is a verry concise course, full of solid information. It was easy to comprehend even with a minimun knowledge about the marketing field, and that is because it didn't came with a lot of scientific terms (or they were explained easily). Some knowledge in the behavioural sciences help at better understanding a big part of this course.
This course was so interesting and you will learn a lot of stuff . I didn't feel bored a minute. the videos were short, simple and the instructor was so genius in delivering the info with the simplest way and u didn't feel how much time u have been listen to this course. I loved it and I will return to check it every now and then
This was probably the easiest Coursera course I've ever done. Easiest in that I found the professor engaging and the material expertly and simply presented. The course content was thus readily digested and committed to memory. You can marathon this in less than a day and it won't feel like a chore because it's fun! Try it out. =)
I just adore the lecturer, I liked the examples suggested, because they clarified a certain phenomena by a very approachable way (considering the fact that I am an undergraduate student). Also, I was exciting to know more about human behaviour in terms of consuming, buying, interacting with people, because everything is so true!
Over time I have  been doing various courses that have never addressed the science of things and this was just the right course for me. Am so happy to have done it and I have already tested the learnings looked at the videos in depth and researched much more. Seeing the science is even more exciting thank you very much for this.
It was such a informative course.I did have an approximate idea about marketing but this course took my knowledge to a whole new level.The way Professor Jonah Berger explains made it even more interesting.The real life advertisements which he chose to add in the videos while explaining his points made it even more interesting.
Very entertaining. It is one of the better course on Coursera that doesn't seem like usual boring lecture. Doesn't require much willpower to complete the course since each lecture feels like watching youtube than Coursera. Prof Jonah Berger really know on what he talking about, i hope that this course will indeed "catch on".
Every moment of this course was pleasant and instructive, but it is so hard to admit that it is over. I definitely want to take other lessons from dear Jonah Berger. He opened an another window to my opinions. I ordered his "Contagious" book, and just finished with course. Looking forward to meeting you again, thank you!
I Just love this course. Being Social Media Marketing Expert, this course is really helpfull for me to understand the pros and cons of Viral marketing and contagious content. I have learned so many things and ideas.  I truly love the Prof. You're an amazingly genious Man. Thank you for this complied bunch of information.
It's a very intersting course, easy to follow what the teacher want to explain and even tho some things that he says are so "simple" or everyday stuff, with him, you can realize that these things can be used to advertise and that people keep your product or brand, highly recommended to know other marketing alternatives.
This is an amazing course! thank you so much! I originally got a book from a friend, started reading it but decided to take the course instead. So useful and interesting! recommending to anyone who might be starting their business or has one, who is in marketing or simply if you just wan to know why things catch on !:)
Really interesting course! Congratulations!Just a point: I think they could speak more about sales.  Big part of the idea here is not really helpful (and can even be dangerous) for small business. A note on direct marketing would be helpful.Anyway, it accomplishes its mission: to teach how to craft contagious content.
Professor Berger explained everything so clearly and succinctly, I hope I get to meet him one day. The knowledge I have obtained on this platform will benefit me, my employer, my clients, my family, my community, and every endeavor I take on moving forward. For this, I am heavily indebted. Thank you, Professor Berger!
I really loved this class. There is no magic formula to make a product goes viral, but there is a behavioural science behind that, and it answers to social
dynamics. Jonah Berger makes very nice examples to explain viral marketing and to make simple ideas stick into your mind. Easy to follow, class finished in 1 day.
It was a great course, though a bit short and is consistent of videos and quizzes only. It'd be great if it had some practical exercises - assignments or experiments. Since one of the major covered topics is social media I would imagine it won't be difficult to offer some examples or practical tests in that field.
Pr. Berger is very captivating from the first minute of every single class. It was a real pleasure to listen to him and also to all the detailed examples that really put things into context.I am a new freelancer in marketing and every single dollar spend on this certification was worth it.Thank you Pr. Berger.
Quite useful information that has cleared some points on how to spread messages to consumers. The material is easy to comprehend and follow. There's some invaluable information about word-of-mouth, how social networks work, and what strategies work better than others. Special thanks to professor Jonah Berger.
Thank you for the course! It is really helpful not only for the application in the marketing sphere, but also for communications and psychology. I like that there were a lot of examples to make some theoretical aspects more clear. The narration and teaching style are comprehensible and pleasant. Thank you!
Amazing course! I think it was an amazing resume of some good books that describe this same stuff, I would have given it 5 stars but i didn't felt the last week (Week 4) as good enough as the other ones, but i guess it's because to enter that topics (Sociology) would be another complete course by itself.
One of the best courses I've ever taken; A lot of great
information to learn from and apply in real life. The videos were very well
done and simple to follow including great examples that helped illustrate the
points being discussed. Hopefully I'll be able pay for a certificate soon.
Highly recommended!
I found myself extremely attentive throughout all four weeks of class. Jonah makes things simple (with only about 5-8 mins of each class) while continuously bringing a new perspective to viral marketing. Every second of class was important, informative, and interesting! The Tina's three I's! Thank you!
Best course I have ever taken, most useful one, automatically shapes the way you think and you start understanding in return how everything in society works. This is a weapon, way more powerful than it seems. Looking forward to taking more courses from instructor Berger if any get posted on Coursera.
This course was really interesting. I studied finance at university, and this marketing course is a great addition to my business knowledge. It opens my mind and widen my thoughts about the effective strategies used to make successful products or ideas. The examples and the explanations were awesome!
Thank you, Prof. Jonah Berger, for this course! I really enjoyed and learned a lot! I am excited to put in practice what I learned to help grow our business and other organizations I'm involved with. There clearly is science and not just random luck involved in crafting viral and contagious content.
It's now even more convincing that marketing in not some random discipline. There is a strong science behind a successful content. It involves active thinking. I will like to review this course before I embark on putting out any new idea.Jonah, if there is a word more than thank you, I will say it.
Coming from accounting and finance background with limited knowledge in marketing and digital marketing the powerful impact of social media and network, i find this course very useful in my current role as business partner to other function in my department when discussing ideas, strategy and plan.
It was good I really enjoyed learning about different ways to get a product of service to catch on. The only way I would have improved this course. Would be to have more of a challenge and testing. For example create a marketing campaign and get marked on this or write an article and get marked.
Even after reading all his books and journals, still I find this course as one of the best man-made intellectual enlightenment and I suspect that I will be taking Dr. Berger's other courses or reading future book and repeating myself, saying the same thing, "this is the best I've ever learned".
Very good material, easy and
clear for understanding lectures and very good professional speaker! Thank you
very much for sharing this course on Coursera! I would be honored to
participate in any course done by the same team in the future. Once again THANK
YOU VERY MUCH!  You guys are superb!!!
It was by far the most interesting and amusing course I have taken on coursera. It is absolutely life changing and i think that knowing these strategies will benefit everyone interested in building their own business, marketing their products or changing a behavior in a society or among peers.
I highly recommend this course to students with interests in social marketing, consumer behaviour and researching online communities. Five stars to Professor Jonah Berger; his lectures ignited my curiosity to get his book "Contagious: Why Things Catch On" and it's now on my to-be-read list.
The professor explains everything in a way that is very easy to follow. He uses good visuals and speaks clearly and I feel as though I finished this course with very valuable information that I can apply to my career. I was able to finish this whole course in one day. Highly recommend.
As a digital Marketer & a content producer I found this course to be very effective. It refreshed a lot of ideas for me & identified the problems i was facing in creating viral campaigns. I would suggest others to take this course, It is going to help you in creating viral campaigns.
I HIGHLY recommend this course! Jonah Berger structured a very useful content in a way that's very easy to comprehend and memorize. His examples are simple but effective and help A LOT to understand  how the mechanics of marketing work. Amazing. Thank you Both Coursera and Jonah!
It was such a great lesson with the concise explanations of the concepts. The teacher definitely broaden my vision about spreading contagious content through different strategies. The knowledge that I learned through this lesson will help me in my job and in the future as well.
This course is amazing! It contains all the information that you need; all the videos are accurate and provide you only the necessary useful material - no extra useless lectures. Huge thank you to the Professor for this valuable source of information! I absolutely recommend it!
Loved this course! Learned to understand how things go viral. The professor made the course fun to watch by adding interesting videos and making each section less than 10 minutes. By doing that I was able to remain focused and actually learn!! Everyone should take this class!
This course provides material vital to the success of any marketing campaign. I learned what makes products and services more appealing to their target market, and how this information is shared. I recommend this course for any small business owner or marketing professional.
An extraordinary course that teaches clearly that is needed for our content to become viral. It's not luck thing is to apply what we learn in our company here. You're a beginner or not, here you will learn new techniques that worked to expand your brand. Highly recommended.
I participated in this course, I read his book and I'm in love. I love how easy he breaks down core concepts in  marking and helps a student and business person like myself walk away with action items. I learned things I could use to improve my marketing strategy tomorrow!
It is an awesome course and has taught me a lot. It teaches as to why creating viral content is not a random phenomenon, but ha science behind it. It teaches creating sticky ideas, use of Networks, Marketing strategies and a lot more. All in all, it is a very nice course.
I feel like I understand everything that's both annoyed me and provoked my interest about marketing and the things that spread through social media. Presented excellently with confidence in the research!Very thankful for the wealth of information provided in this course!
I really enjoyed this course. It is given that I learned a lot but what surprised me the most is how fun and enjoyable the lessons were. They weren't dragging. Jonah Berger is such a great speaker that I felt like I was just talking to a friend while learning from him.
Professor Jonah Berger's lectures are very engaging, with good use of his tone of voice. The course material, examples and case studies are applicable to one's daily life hence, it'll be easier to recall and apply what we have learnt. Highly recommended course to take.
Jonah Berger is engaging and funny whilst opening your eyes to situations and possibilities through stories.  The course is a brilliant taster for the subject matter and makes you want to discover more of his work, like an angry panda whose cheese you've just rejected.
I love this course! There is a lot of useful information. He explains everything in a way that is simple and easy to understand. This course has valuable information that I'm sure will help me in the future when I try to market my products. I definitely recommend it!!
Prof. Berger is an amazing teacher. This entire lecture was fascinating, intriguing and thought provoking at the same time. Myself being a lecturer of marketing will be able to teach my students much better with the examples and analogies I've learnt in this course.
A lot of this course is based on the topics Professor Berger spoke about in "Contagious". It was an interesting course and I think if applied in all marketing strategies, can be helpful in determining how successful a campaign could be. I enjoyed taking this course!
I enjoyed the course immensely.  The lectures were both interesting and informative and I can honestly say that I have learned something new.  I now have a set of tools and knowledge that I can apply to my work.  The course has definitely met most of my objectives.
Apart from the well structured classes and the great instructor what is most fascinating is that the key messages which are meant to be conveyed, effortlessly stick to your mind and you are finishing the course knowing that it felt great to enrol for this course.
I loved it! Once I got started I couldn't stop learning. The lecturer knows how to get your attention with his captivating stories. A very practical way to get your ideas, messages, products and services to stick with customers and to trigger them into action.
It's really very innovative idea of sharing a thing like that....the idea of crafting a contagious content is just eye catching and interesting...and is really very helpful...and I enjoyed learning the science and psychology behind the popularity of a product!
Great content and i thoroughly enjoyed the course. The professor had an in-depth knowledge about the subject. However he should have mentioned this book "The Tipping Point" as many of the things has already been discussed by Malcolm Gladwell. Thanks anyways
Professor Berger makes every lesson so easy to understand. His clear and relevant examples behind each information is so contagious that it sticks to my brain even after finishing this wonderful course. The lessons got are priceless & I highly recommend it!
Excellent course. Very insightful, well structured and supplemented by thought provoking examples to illustrate the underlying content. I will definitely use the knowledge I learnt in this class to make my data and content stick in people's minds. Cheers :)
It is a quite interesting course that enables you to understand how we can best create information more memorable and even impress other people.  You  get inspired by being shared with those useful principles that are applicable to many domains of our life
I have started numerous Coursera courses, and finished few. This course kept me engaged throughout. Lectures were well delivered, content was creative and relevant and I received some take away suggestions and reminders from each week. I highly recommend.
I took this course because I'm curious about Marketing and
how I want to know so much more about it,Had so much fun learning about Crafting Contagious content
that can go Viral, I applaud   sir Jonah Berger for making this Course worth
it and Educational.
This was an easy course but the professor was engaging and the content was interesting and fun. I learned a lot and have a lot to think about. Ill refer back to the concepts in this course often as I reposition my small business and redesign my website.
A very well made course! Professor Berger has an engaging teaching style that makes learning both easy and fun! I never found myself getting bored with his lectures and, in fact, looked forward to watching them as I knew I was going to enjoy each module.
This course was incredibly quick and effective in properly analyzing the uses of marketing. I was able to acquire a thorough understanding of how content is spread throughout the world and how to properly leverage social media to generate positive buzz.
I'm very thankful to Wharton and Coursera for such an amazing content. The course is well structured and the content is presented in an extraordinary way. I wish there is a Specialisation on this topic with more content and a capstoneThanks Prof. Jonah.
Admittedly a very theoretical instead of the practical course. But it does a very good job of explaining its own content very well. The plethora of examples and the very easy to understand explanation of the theory creates a very enjoyable experience.
Really great professor and fascinating content. I could relate this content not only to my work but to many areas of my life. I was thoroughly engaged throughout.One note- so many typos in the written content! It reflects poorly on such a good course.
This course enlightened me in ways that I cannot describe in words. I will forever be applying the SUCCES methods to my social media and branding efforts so that I can make some good viral videos! Thank you so much for this course! I loved it so much.
This is one of the quick courses you can do to understand Viral Marketing. Pretty engaging and insightful. I am eager to know if there is more one could do to keep themselves updated. I wish this could have ended up with a practical project as well.
the content was really fun and enjoyable . easy to understand and with a clear forward message the instructor was able to make one wants to know more and i really  was intrigued by his questions and how he answered them with examples was brilliant
Wonderful course with real world examples that were really enlightening. Professor Jonas style of teaching interspersed with real world examples is just the right kind of course for someone aspiring to pursue a career in marketing. Thank you Sir.
Very interesting videos: content and form are engaging. The quizzes are well built (not just a copy-paste of what was in the videos). I definitively recommend this course to anyone curious about how ideas and products propagate in our societies.
This is a very useful and interesting course. Professor explained the concepts in completely and provided examples. This course should make you a better content writer and will help make your messages stickier. I recommend it to budding writers.
I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate Professor Jonah Berger for compiling such a beautiful course and making it accessible to all of us. Information is concise and on point and I encourage all marketeers to take up this course.
This course was easily digestible and a pleasure to work through. The instructor was able to keep my attention through every video and I feel like I built further off of a lot of topics I learned originally in my advertising classes at school.
This course was really fun and engaging. It was broken down into really digestible elements and had fantastic and memorable examples that helped me learn along the way. Well worth taking for anyone even slightly interested in modern marketing.
The course is very helpful in introducing the basic ideas and science behind viral marketing and content creation. The course is also very well structured with great stories and content that keep you hooked (obviously!!!) Great work Professor
Concise, well-presented course which will get you thinking about how and why ideas spread in social networks. (However, given its brevity, the price of certificates is excessive. Take it for interest and information, not for the certificate.)
I read the book of Contagion few years back and listening to this course give me a very useful flashback on the content. It is simple to learn and many stories were given to help better understand the application of these strategies better.
I enjoyed it as a course, and I wish it had been longer. Professor Berger was able to be very interesting in his lectures, artfully animated, fun other than professional. It was a pleasant time spent in the company learning something new.
I enjoyed this course, as it was presented in short, digestible segments.   The pace was quick, but good for me and I stayed engaged in the content.  I'm able to take some ideas and practices from this course and apply to my current job.
I enjoyed this course, my favorite components of the course were the stories shared. I loved the lectures, the professor is very well-spoken and it's very easy to comprehend his ideas & grasp all of the information in the lecture series.
Excelente, muchas gracias. Well done! I own a small company in Chile, Southamerica, and this program has been unvaluable for me. Thanks a lot to the teacher. I hope to follow many other courses like this one. Simple, engaging and useful.
It was such a great course! I really learned a lot and while the teaching was going on I was able to apply it to my real life circumstance and it made the scenario even more real. Thanks for everything. I would definitely recommend it.
Very useful content that can be applied to diverse projects: online and tangible products. Thank you very much for this great new perspective on how to to plan, introduce, sell and follow up on its marketing.Great course! Thanks again!
Informative, enjoyable and interactive, with lots of examples to acquire and retain knowledge and information. Professor Jonah is a strong and effecient presenter, who can deliver complicated information in a simple and enjoyable way.
It is a good start to understand how the inner science within human behavior can influence our behavior! From multiple fun examples to the comprehensive theories, professor Berger will take you to a wonderful viral marketing journey!
A very insightful course. If you want to understand the psychology behind why some things go viral, this is a very concise but detailed course to go through. The professor is also clear and makes learning exciting and inspirational.
The approach of this course it's amazing, success cases analyzed from a scientific and psychology point of view, tips and a lot of ideas will fill your mind as the course advanced. One of the best courses I've ever taken online.
Lecturer was smart, to the point, easy to understand, good flow and had just the right dose of humor.  He treated the students with respect  meaning, he did not make us feel stupid.  Id love to take more classes from this guy.
One of the best course that I completed. The instructor fluent , relevant and clear about the content. I learned a great deal. Also the examples shared were very useful . I would definitely recommend everyone to try the course.
It is one of the best courses available,  the best part is that the instructor is very topic-centered and gives very relevant examples. Also, he has discussed some of the classic cases of viral marketing like that of Blendec.
This course really help me a lot to familiarize some discussions in my class. It help me because they are almost related to each other (my other subject that I take now). Thanks to this course, I gain an additional knowledge.
This course was really eye opening, very easy to follow and rather interesting. It's great for everyone, not just marketers.  The Professor did a great job breaking down each concept and I cannot wait to bring them to life!
Thank you so much for offering such a well-presented, well-prepared video instruction. I appreciated the wealth of thoughtful information presented in a timely fashion -- worked perfectly with my schedule. Thank you, again.
This course was well composed and easy to understand while still sharing information that was incredibly useful to the marketing field. I have more knowledge and tools helpful to marketing now that I have taken this course.
The course was really helpful. The professor used very applicable and interesting examples which made it even more enjoyable. I have learnt a lot from the course and cannot wait to apply these knowledge to my new ventures.
This is a fantastic course, as far as social media marketing how to craft contagious content concern, After successfully passed this course,My skills will be ADD-ON in Social Media Marketing and increase my knowledge too.
I initially was only auditing the course, but it was so interesting that I had to purchase the certificate! The course is well structured and professor Berger is clear in its explanations. Definitely worth the time spent!
Thank you so much for this opportunity. It's a fantastic course to do right after reading the book Contagious- it's not often that you can proof to your clients that you read books;) So I think it's a fantastic addition.
Concrete, practical and interesting. This course gives you simple tools to improve content creation and strategies to try each time you want to put some new information out there. Can't wait to start applying it at work!
The is a great excellent and uses the perfect combination of creativity and strategic thinking. The examples of content and behavioral results are intelligent, memorable, and is a methodology to apply to future projects.
AMAZING!! This is a super interesting course (in fact it was so interesting that I watched every lecture twice haha) I would definitely recommend this course to people in my social network and help it to "catch on" haha
The way the content has been described is quite good. Amazing content with amazing professor. Furthermore, relevant examples have been provided from time to time so that the concept is crystal clear among the students.
In-depth information about every aspect of crafting contagious content, in a manner that was really easy to understand and put to use. The real world examples and additional videos made it furthermore fascinating.
Course was well designed, broken down into digestible chunks. And the instructor gave a practical demonstration of one of his techniques in the video, without ever talking about it (I leave it to you to find out).
it was excellent , the instructor is talented and professional i didn't feel bored or sleepy as some of the other instructors make me feel , course material is rich and easy to understand thank you and keep going
The course is very helpful in understanding the concepts of viral marketing! It appears to be common sense, but its not simple! Recommend it to people who want to understand viral marketing from its basic roots!
Fantastic course! Mr. Berger is clear, concise, and keeps your interest. Also, picked up his book Contagious, which, while not required, provided a nice bit of back up information as I waded through the course.
The lessons had a lot of interesting insights. It helped me have a better understanding of how content goes viral, and it pushes me to be more creative when crafting my own content. Lots of great examples, too!
Brilliant stuff by Prof. Jonah Berger. Not only is the course really informative but all the videos are crisp and to the point. What an absolute pleasure it was to learn from him on this amazing amazing topic.
Jonah should teach more classes! He was easiest one of best professors I've engaged with. His attention to detail, creative ideas, and relevant videos are easy to follow along to and yet filled with insights.
Excellent course, I have admired the profesor for years now, read his books and it was a great experience to listen to him explain. I learned. a lot and am looking forward to putting all of this on practice.
A short but very exciting and interesting course to study! Will definitely recommend this to anyone who is eager to learn some valuable tricks of the trade when it comes to creating contagious content. 
This course is very satisfying , if one can imagine themselves practicing this point on their product or ideas while learning, they will see this course as very useful.. Thank you very much for this piece
Really interesting and useful information! A nice blend of marketing and sociology, both of which are presented in an engaging and easy to understand way. I plan to use much of the information I learned!
I truly enjoyed this class. Jonah is Contagious! I liked his message and his delivery. I liked his approach so much I looked for more of his classes. There's is a lot of great information in this course.
Just one word for this awaesome course and speacially the Professor! Fabulous! Just loved it! Thank you Coursera and University of Pennsylvania Wharton for giving us an opportunity to learn this course.
Great course with a lot of insightful information regarding the psychology behind marketing and branding. I enjoy the method of teaching in this course and the way that the information is communicated.
This course is very interesting, helpful and fit to most of people who are working with content, especially for those want to make your content effective to the target audience. I love this course. <3
This was an excellent course I really enjoyed.Jonah is a very comprehensive tutor it helped me build a content strategy and a general framework.Congratulations and thank you for the educational trip.
Jonah Berger delivers "Viral Marketing and How to Craft Contagious Content" in a very smooth, comprehensive and engaging approach. Well done. Thank you for taking the time in producing this course.
Great course with a lot of insights! The examples were such good ones that really helped understand why something works the way it does. Brilliant instructor who was engaging from start to finish.
Exceptional course.  Very engaging.  Nice balance between lecture and practical examples of well executed marketing.  Definitely worth the investment in time and money for marketing professionals.
Excellent course!Nice manner of presentation, very clear, well designed without  info overloading.A lot of examples make it easier to remember the mail topics.Thank you very much for this course!
This course was amazing. It was well delivered, engaging and mostly it made me learn about the psychological aspect of marketing that I wouldn't otherwise have known had I not taken this course.
Really eye-opening, it explains the science behind human behavior on what makes things catch on. The content is easy to follow, and even if you're not an expert on marketing it's quite valuable.
This course was very intuitive. The instructor showed a lot of practical examples from the real-world that helped to understand the relevant knowledge. I'm really happy that I took this course.
The course was interesting as in my opinion it not only touched on marketing but also social psychology. In addition all the material was presented fairly well with an ample amount of examples.
I loved this course as it provided insight into crafting Contagious Content. "Only
7% of word of mouth is online" was a revelation. Thank You, Prof. Berger & Coursera, for offering this course.
Amazing course taught with great examples. Associate Prof. Jonah is an awesome tutor. Thank you for teaching me in such a great way. Great experience to learn from this resource. Really Happy.
Very simple but insightful course!  The videos were of high quality, the professor communicated very well the subject, and I like the homework load that wasn't that much so I can stay focused.
The tips and principles that I learned from this course is priceless. I can't wait to apply them to my business. Thanks very much professor. I also consider to buy the book for my references.
This is the first online course I've completed. I really found it so useful that I took several notes. Looking forward to another advanced course in the same field and by the same instructor.
I'm still in the middle of the way and yet many thoughts and ideas have changed and improved in the marketing field as I'm working on my own project, it worths enrolling, thank you so much!!
Excellent course. Professor Jonah Berger really has mastery in helping the student to learn significantly; I like the way he teaches, hes an expert in his area. Couldnt be more satisfied!
The course helped me to get a great overview of the scientific background for Viral Marketing and key factors to keep in mind when building a now marketing strategy for a product oder idea.
As a content producer, I found this course to be perfect for what I need to be successful in my day-to-day responsibilities. I also have the book and this makes for a great companion to it!
One of the most thought provoking and insight giving course in have completed. It is going to help me in my future life abundantly. Jonah Berger is a genius. very happy with the learnings.
Excelent course, a lot of useful and interesting examples and very clear explanations. Please do a version 2 with deeper information and some practical examples for students to do. Cheers.
I thoroughly enjoyed Viral Marketing and How to Craft Contagious Content! Jonah Berger does a fantastic job. I look forward to reading his book The Catalyst - How to Change Anyones Mind.
great course! easy to understand and easy to complete! Not to mention, the course videos itself are very engaging and well crafted. Thanks for making it available online and free of cost!
This course is very useful for marketers and advertisers , because craft customers content is the first stage for sales, viral marketing will help firm got many customers in a short time.
The whole course was very interesting and helped me to learn new startegies. I really liked the way Mr. Jonah explained a topic seamlessly and used examples to make it clear. Thank you!
Very interesting information and great teacher! It's hard for me to focus on things and he managed to get my unbiased attention thanks to talking clearly, easy and using good examples.
Fantastic course!!!! Thank you so much!!! I started it because of natural curiosity, but I found so many useful tips for my job!!!!! It's incredible!!!!Brief, informative and gripping!
Extremely thankful to Coursera and Professor  Jonah Berger for such informative content.  I will be revisiting the videos, gonna be very useful for myself and my students. Big thanks.
I find this course absolutely useful and interesting. Profesor Jonah explains all topics so clearly that is is impossible not to understand it. Looking forward to buy one of his books
Professor Berger was really illustrative, all the examples he gave during the lecture not only helped to understand the ideas completely but also made the lectures super interesting.
Nicely planned with the factors about marketing being discussed in detail. A Must for any person as it teaches a lot about communication, human behavior as well as our own responses.
It is an amazing course. Simple yet explains quite a lot about marketing through effective examples. A must to learn course for everyone and at any level , beginner or intermediate.
This is the best marketing information course ever I've seen... Amazing insights into the Science behind the Hit or Flop of the product or campaign... Thank you so much Professor...
It was a very helpful course. Mr. Berger was exceptional with his examples and explanation. His book is exemplary. I find use of his concepts in my daily business conduct. Thanks!
Its an interesting and fun course if marketing and content creation are applicable to your career. I took this class while unemployed and it was such a breeze. Highly recommend!
The course teach me lots of stratagies and methods that make me get to know about how the contagious marketing skills are crafted. It is really helpful to my future developement.
Finally a course that breaks down the components of what is engaging (or at least memorable) and what is not. It would actually have been longer! I would have loved to hear more.
Professor Jonah has beautifully captured and simply explained the real life examples around us. The found the course really intriguing. Moreover, it isn't very demanding as well!
It's very fun to watch with some brilliant Ad examples. It's only too expensive for me to buy a certificate (87 for a 4 hour course isn't worth it). Anyways, loved the course !
It was a great course. Would you please let me know when you will send my certificate?Thank you very much,Seyedeh Fatemeh Mostafvai ShiraziPhD in Tourism Business and Marketing
Great Course.  You been to develop a thought process that enables you to underrstand how crafting content to engage social and the different strategies depending on the product
The course was presented in a manner that kept me engaged every step of the way. It helped me to think about my business marketing differently. Thank you for this introduction.
Insightful course with basics of communications provided in understandable well-structured and concise format. Friendly professor and a lot of illustrative examples. Perfect :)
This course is really useful, because it starts by giving a general idea about Viral Marketing and then, It describes each topic and helps to better understand the phenomenom.
I loved learning new things about how to make ideas stick and opened my eyes to how I can best use my network and leverage my ideas moving forward. Definitely would recommend.
Why some things are popular is not random, its a science, a science that is explained here.  Incredible Course, learned a lot from it and will now apply it in my businesses!
Prof. Berger is an engaging professor. The case studies helped solidify & better understand the concepts. Even if you have a marketing background, this is a great refresher.
The contents of this course is just awesome and a must do course for anyone looking for an expertise in marketing. Thank you Coursera for making this course available to us.
Very helpful and informative. Easy to follow and the lecturer is clear and concise with everything.I definitely learned a lot and can use these strategies in the workplace
This course was extremely engaging and useful. Clear examples and amazing explanations. I learned a lot from it and I will definitely implement everything that was taught.
The professor shares really great concepts that break down how social marketing works. I was able to analyse my own campaigns and identify ways that I could improve them.
Professor Berger is a talented lecturer who is equally charismatic and competent. The clash of a theory with practical examples was more like fireworks. Wonderful course.
It was an excellent experience all together and fell like i am in a better position to do my work as it relates to marketing. Thank you so much for making this available.
My first course on Coursera and there was a lot of valuable information within each lesson. The presenter was awesome and the content was very relative and entertaining.
Professor Berger and this Viral Marketing course are amazing! I learned so much that will help me while finishing undergrad, as well as help me as I move into my career!
I felt like I knew stuff, having already been in media. I was wrong. Thank you to the prof for the wonderful course where I learnt how to hone my craft to get more hits.
Loved it!! I covered some of the content in my Masters course so it was really good to watch the videos and get a much better understanding of the topic. Great presenter
This course is absolutely amazing. Very very concise and easy to understand that came with powerful content. I learned a lot about the science behind "viral" marketing!
It is awesome! For anyone who is new to marketing as a subject, this is just the right course for you with an amazing Professor who has abundant knowledge in the field!
Inspiring, well-taught and overall a great introduction in understanding why some ideas spread more than others. I loved every minute of it and i totally recommend it.
Really Great Session. Appreciate you for allowing me for this course. I'm sure the inputs will be useful and flows to the Entrepreneurs whom I teach in India. Regards
This course is very informative and very interesting. it is very helpful, whether you are trying to come up with messages to promote a person, a product or a service.
It was very interesting! I recommend this course to anyone who's interested in marketing, communication or simply business. I wish we could dig more into details :-)
This course is useful, so use it's lessons to spread ideas that can help against climate disruptions, poor schooling, and other problems we face locally or globally.
Simply ,the course is to the Point ! It reveals how Marketing is not a matter of mere luck ... There's a Science behind it, and the good news is : you can learn it !
I really enjoyed this course, I learned the basics of viral marketing, it was fun and very instructive at the same time. Thanks Coursera, thanks Mr Jonah Berger  =)
The course provides excellent insights into how things become viral (or not). In the end of the course, we understand why we share things in our own social network.
Great course Professor Berger. Seems like Penn/Wharton has the best and engaging instructors. Wish i could have gone there when i was younger. Penn/wharton #1 ))
Great class, easy to follow and very engaging.  Followed this up with Johna's book, which helped to retention and better understanding of how to apply the STEPP!
I simply loved the course. it is ver helpful and extremely detailed. The exercises are decent and the content is exactly what it is described as! Great choice.
Great course! Classes are delivered to the point (short and sweet) with real examples which is easy to understand and a great reference on future application.
I am satisfied with the course. It was short but with so much information. The teacher use good examples to explain marketing concepts. I highly recommend it.
Very informative and well explained! Interesting supplements to the lessons through videos and the instructor, Jonah Berger, taught the lesson clearly. Kudos!
Good and Practical course, the knowledge is useful and can be used in any field of work besides it help one make better decisions whether long or short term.
This was a very informative and engaging course. I learned a lot of useful marketing tools. The professor was a very knowledgeable and compelling instructor.
Thank you for sharing such a wonderful analysis and your insights regarding the viral marketing. Your insights on network and its type are also very helpful.
the course was so simply explained and detailed. thank you coursera for this and more. i hope i am granted fiancial aids to further my knowledge acquisition
The examples are accurate and interesting. The perfect blend of theoretical and practical information which can be implemented on our work right from day 1.
Really useful and practical, I particularly liked how the information given on this MOOC can be used on all kinds of cases, practices and work environments.
Excellent course presentation and content , very helpful thank you very much for taking the time to share all these pieces of knowledge , really appreciated
This course was indeed very informative and had played a big role in shaping up my concepts on Viral Marketing. 

Thank you Prof. Jonah Berger and Coursera.
This course absolutely gave me new life :) Thank you for incredible insight and a beautifully laid out course - so sad its over as Ive loved every second!!
Very informative and useful. I suggest you to include a project w.r.t viral marketing campaign to test and evaluate at the end of the course, if possible.
An extremely interesting course taught by a very engaging professor. I certainly want to know more about this topic, so I purchased the professor's book.
One of the best courses i have ever come across, helps you decipher the myths of marketing to what's real and how to use those in real life experience.
This instructor knows what he's talking about. He was very straightforward, but also used engaging storytelling anecdotes for relevance and connection.
Very helpful and innovative course and indeed a charming professor who helped us to understand the nuances of crafting contagious content. Thanks a lot
Prof Berger demonstrated his marketing strategies very well throughout the course. Concepts made simple and credible examples to back his explanation!
Very insightful. I'm glad I took this course because it definitely gave me some ideas for ideas I'd want to pitch in future jobs or in job interviews!
Prof Berger's contents were Contagious like the course itself! Loved this small yet efficient session that covered most contents under Viral Maketing.
Pure knowledge, highly recommended course. The techniques are so practical and functional that I wonder how I had never realized and used them before.
Thank you Coursera and Professor for an useful and interesting course. I enjoyed it a lot and definitely will apply them to my own business and ideas.
Really enjoyable and tons of interesting stuff to learn and adopt to your career. Even on your everyday understanding of how people think and connect.
Thanks a lot for sharing experience and knowledge, great examples, well structured info and simplicity to explain in a nice way. Best regardsSvetlana
A detailed theoretical approach to observing social media influence in our daily life and  we can play the same role in creating contagious contents
I learned lots of new and interesting stuff which can be apply in real life. Thanks to the professor for such a fun and easily to understand course.
Loved it! The speaker is a great teacher. The use of videos and visual examples really helped me to grasp the terminologies and ideas of the course.
If you want to know something about viral marketing in a compact and quick way, this is probably the best course on offer. It will get you thinking.
This course seems maybe a little too simple for me, but it contains many useful ideas, and the lecturer's presentation was absolutely great. Thanks!
Great course and very easy to understand. I really enjoyed the course session and all the video that was used especially the "Panda ad". Great job!
Mr. Jonah Berger is one of the best professors I ever had! He is terrific and the lessons are very exciting!Thank you very much for the knowledge!
Haven't finished this course yet but it is already meeting all my expectations! I'm learning a lot and the content is focused,engaging and useful.
After reading dozens of books and taking way too many courses, I found something that actually teaches principles rather than techniques! Amazing!
great course for anyone who wishes to get an insight into the real social media and marketing network and fabric. enjoyed the course thoroughly.
Very interesting course, it gives you a deeper perspective as to how to craft a potentially viral content and the science to how things go viral
This course really taught me a lot on the science of making contagious content, and viral marketing in general. I highly recommend this course!
Really loved the course content and the way it is stacked. The instructor is cool too. Highly recommended. Even an Audit course is recommended.
The skills which I learn from this are really awesome!!!  It helps me a lot in my startup. I personally want thanks, professor Jonah Berger. :)
A lot of useful new information in a nutshell. Now, I can  always go back and refer it when I design a content or device a marketing strategy.
Thanks for logic explanations. They were so easy to follow that I didn't even have to study for the tests, as everything made perfect sense :)
Professor Berger is undoubtedly one of the greatest experts in social influence and viral marketing, this has been one of my favorite courses.
Very interesting course, provider you a bunch of tools to understand how an idea, a product or a service can be promoter to guarantee success.
Very easy to understand and really interesting. Enjoyed doing this course alot and it helped me develop my skill set in many ways. Thank you!
Super interesting, easy to follow and the professor explains the subject in a claer, motivational way. Skills that will help develop careers.
This course was great! I really enjoyed Professor Berger's lectures and all of his fun examples. I would definitely recommend this to others.
Superb feeling!My first course completed online and I am sure that I will be able to use things taught by Professor Jonah. Thanks a lot Prof!
Mr. Berger it's a excellent teacher. Very clear, great examples. Even though english it's not my native lenguage, it was very understandable.
I didn't expect this topic to be this interesting! Fantastic course! All of the lectures are themselves wonderfully...............contagious!
Excenent class for an overview of how things work with contagious content. I feel comfortable creating my tweets to gain likes and re-tweets.
Great course to understand how ideas spread through social network.Professor Berger's style is very engaging and keeps wanting to learn more.
Have also read your book - this was a pleasing refresher. I was hoping for more pictures of the examples and stories you gave. All the best.
Great introductory course to creating sticky,viral content. I'd recommend it to anyone who wants to know about creating cut-through content.
Amazing course! Everything is simple, structured, easy to understand, with a lot of great examples. And no fillers! Only info you can use!
The content is extremely clear with lots of exemples and we can easily apply what we've learnt to our own context. Great training, thanks!
I love the whole idea about this course. I have learnt more ideas and skill regarding marketing and contagious content. Much appreciated!
Genuinely incredibly engaging and thought-provoking. This is a fun and informative course that can't be missed! I wish all were this fun.
The Examples that the professor uses to explain all the various components in drafting content were really helpful in understanding them.
This course give you a very starting point to create and understand how to create contagious ideas and use it for any marketing strategy.
I loved this course, especially the fact that the Professor gives so many examples which make the theory easy to understand and remember.
Very valuable information! Great course! Loved it! Since the content is outstanding, I bought the book to learn in more details about it.
Jonah was very engaging and the course content was excellent. Short and to the point I gained full understanding. I wish there was more!
Great insight into behaviour...this really solidified my understanding of contemporary marketing of products and ideas. 100% recommend.
Great! I learned a lot, the teacher was very engaging, and there was so much good information that I will be able to put to use! 10/10!
Amazing course, I was engaged throughout the duration of each lecture and found the material not only useful but applicable. Thank you!
Excellent class with easy to follow concepts and useful materials. The instructor's examples add to the easy of information retention.
Really interesting course. Professor has a simplistic way of breaking things down that helps with retention of content. I enjoyed it.
Thoroughly enjoyed this course. The professor explained every concept so well, with examples. Would definitely recommend this course!
Excellent course with interesting content taught in an easy-to-grasp way. The videos were short and course was quick to move through.
Absolutely loved this course! Short, engaging, informative, straight to the point. I completed it in only 2 days. Thank you so much!
Great course!!!, important info on how the brain works! and the message composing skills that we should use when compossing content.
This course was really helpful. It even highlighted some of the things I do, but didn't understand the science behind why it worked.
Amazing Course. Got to learn many things and started applying in real time with my projects. Will definitely recommend it to others.
I really enjoyed this course! It talk me a lot about marketing and social interactions and I highly recommend for others to take it.
a course that is in line with current marketing strategies and helps one develop appropriate social media content for your audiences
Excellent, very practical and interesting cases. A combination of marketing, human psychology and sales.Thinking of buying the book.
The course even with little background about marketing can give you a backbone on creating content to promote a product or service.
It's a light but highly effective, fresh, and useful marketing course. If you are interested in marketing you must try it for sure.
Love the course. The professor speak clearly. He make the topic easy to understand. e.g. gave clear and easy-to-understand example.
Prof can try speaking a bit slower. English may be second language to many people and it would mkae it easier to follow the lesson.
This course is literally something that deconstructs everyday marketing we see online and around. Very insightful and informative.
I like this course, but it's too short, without practical exercises. Hope they will add it.Please, add it, I will take it again (:
Interesting content that is well presented in a concise and fun fashion. Great integration of videos and slides within the video.
Every insightful course, and also very easy to understand as the lecturer was relating everything to day to day life. Thank you.
The professor designed a really well thought out and engaging course. I really enjoyed this and felt like I got a lot out of it.
The instructor taught very useful information. Like other courses in coursera, there can be some article suggestions to be read.
the ideas and the examples with clear explanation made this course one of my favorite course in this platform. thank you so much
Great Course, very clear, concise and informative. Great teacher who gave stimulating examples to help memorize the information.
Great course! Some examples were a bit old for the sector. But the concept itself is still very contagious. Highly recommended!
Hello,I enjoyed this course very much!It was wonderful and I look forward to signing up for more courses with Professor Berger.
Amazing teaching for the Professor, easy to understand and more practical implementation so i know what to do with this course
Read the book & now completed the course. Really appreciate Jonahs ways & words of teaching. Great course & very useful info!
This is my 1st course in coursera! Thank you, I loved this course very much. It's very enjoyable, interesting and informative.
When Marketing can go 360*, how about grabbing the best from low / free of cost. when we actually mind only on the End result.
Interesting look at why some ideas take off and others don't.  Definitely will apply the information gleamed from this class.
Wonderful Course and Professor ! Each one must do it, independent of what interest you posses for Marketing. Happy Learning !
Course was very insightful on helping me come up with better marketing campaigns and understand why some things become viral.
Excellent for a practising professional. The pace is easy and the flexibility to do it at your own pace is a great advantage.
This is one of the best courses I have ever taken. I would recommend it for anyone, especially those interested in marketing.
Very informative course. With tons of useful information, good tests after lectures that help summarise acquired knowledge.
Well structured and articulates, lot of useful practical information. Very inspiring teacher who knows how to tell stories.
I enjoyed this class very much thanks to the many examples and nice structure of short videos. Informativ and interresting!
Professor is engaging in his delivery of information, examples used are helpful to paint a picture of the lecture topics.
This was a very exciting and informational course. It was very well explained, comprehensive, eye opening and intriguing.
Great course, very easy to follow and the instructor explained very complex information in a very "user-friendly" manner.
I loved the course. All the explainations and examples areto the point and easy to understand. The instructor was great.
I love this course! Professor Berger is an excellent lecturer on this subject and his book, Contagious is well written!
Undeniably a practical course with tools to think more strategically about mraketing and making it as viral as possible
It is simple to understand and very brilliantly explained. The professor uses a lot of examples to make things clearer.
Loved this course. The lessons were an easily digestible length. I learned a lot and am looking forward to applying it.
Very valuable course, outstanding lecturer, catchy and interesting content. Great overall performance and great course.
Great content. The professor was very good as well. The examples for the items were excellent to fully understand them.
Well crafted course, and very practical advice! Much appreciated. Looking forward to advanced course ... hint hint !!!
Pragmatic, easy to follow lectures. These frameworks will help us be smarter in our marketing efforts and investments.
Excellente course. Very interesting and dinamic (good examples).  The professor is great, he makes learning very easy.
This course is very informative. It wasn't at all overwhelming but I feel equipped to create content that will stick!
Excellent material and gave me a great base to work ideas of mine for my own product I'm launching. Much appreciated!
Professional lecturesAppropriate integration of examples and research was very functional. All in all awesome course.
Excellent. I learn a lot from this course. I want to learn more courses from University of Pennsyvania and Coursera.
It's incredible how easily Jonah Berger broke down these concepts that will normally appear complex and complicated.
Amazing educated content from a true specialist in this field. Totally inspired me to continue further in marketing.
Great! Learnt more about how networking really works and how to go about making a sales strategy more catchy! Thanks
Great course! Very efficient and engaging. One of the more genuinely interesting courses I've taken in a long time.
Engaging, informative, and fun way to learn.  Great content, I plan to listen again, information was very valuable.
There are some great thoughts and a lot of information that will help you to understand what and how people thinks.
Very informative and complete, poses great questions that are resolved as the course develops. Highly recommend it.
Great! Very educational. Presented more insight on contents for marketing in order to achieve a much higher reach.
Great course! Very informative and easy to follow and understand. I will be applying quite a few of these. Thanks
Thanks for these valuable insights. These are really inspiring and I'm willing to put them in practice very soon.
Love that the lectures are short yet practical, and the tools presented easy for anyone to learn and apply them.
One of the best courses available on online marketing! Thank you so much Professor Berger. God bless you always.
A wonderful learning experience. It was similar to the courses taught at my B-school but in a much better manner
Great insights and the best part is the construction of stories behind every sector with the necessary examples.
The instructor is very informative and knowledgeable! I wish this instructor offered more classes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The coach is very excellent, the course is excellent, helpful and of great value, and I benefited a lot from it
Loved it! Very useful, really simple and vivid examples and most of all - interesting and not hard to memorize.
Amazing course taught by GENIUS! After taking this course, I feel like a blind man who SEES for the first time.
Short, and on point, a good dose of psychology and facts that explain some of the core science behind virality.
Very informative yet short and to the point. Really enjoyed it, looking forward to reading Prof. Berger's book.
This course help me a lot in viral content, well explain, love videos and examples, I am waiting more courses.
Great course. It's really interesting, useful and it has great examples to understand every concept perfectly.
It was definitely the best course I've had on Coursera. Thank you Professor Berger. Wish you all the best.Sola
I really enjoyed this course! I learned a lot, and the material and presentation was engaging and informative.
Everytime I find new information developed by Jonah Berger I attend it. He provides actionable, smart content.
So wonderful! Practical and easy day to day genius applications ! Completed week 1 and I already love it!! :)
Well communicated and clear, with samples that make easier to understand and think how to apply in real life.
I loved this course.Prof. Berger teach with storytelling, examples but also figures.I strongly recommend it!
Short, direct, practical...filled with plenty of advice that I can use right now to grow my online business.
Thanks - keeps your attention and helpful information - something I will be able to use for my yoga business
This is a  great course, short and sweet.  I am so glad that I completed the course successfully. Thank you.
The course has helped me look at viral marketing from a scientific perspective which is a lot more sensible.
The lecture was given with great and related analogies which makes you understand the concept a lot better.
Amazing insightful and such useful information! Loved every lecture and content put forward in this course!
Good learning , will help me a lot to shape my content and choose my platforms to launch my posts and blogs
The course was very interesting and helped me understanding the scientifical background of viral marketing.
Short course but full of wonderful, helpful information!  Concise and Scientific!  Would totally recommend!
That's an fascinating course that turns the things that i thought was random before into the science based.
Awesome course and awesome Professor!!!! Thanks a lot for your amazing designand delivery of this course!!!
Great course! Learned a lot of useful information! I would recommend it everyone interested in this field.
This course was very informative and super easy. Dr. Jonah Berger's style was clear, obvious and powerful.
Course is packed with interesting ideas and to-the-point approach. Short course recommended for everybody.
Learning from Jonah Berger is great experience.  It would be much better if we can message to Jonah Berger
I liked it very much. It was easy to understand and to visualize its practical benefits in the real world.
Brilliant course! I would never look at any advertisement the same way as earlier! I Salute the professor!
I highly recommend this course. I made a right decision choosing this course. Best one I have came so far.
very crisp simply easy to relate and understand, shockingly free to access if certificate is not required!
The lecturer was very good, he explanation is second to none, I rate him 5 stars for this course content.
Not just a very good course, but also a great instructor with amazing voice and teaching style, examples.
Very interesting subject. Great teacher, well explained, good examples and a clear exposure of the thema.
Hi This course is helping me to understand more about viral marketing strategy thanks professor about it
It was just amazing. I have never learned something which is so full of ideas but put in an amazing way.
The course is very interesting and useful. I love the actual example that being shown during the course.
Great content, very simple and to the point. Condensed materials, tools and tips. Great teacher! Thanks!
I pop up ideas of campaign all the way while learning it. The course is simple and powerful. Recommenced
I must say i Loved it and Prof Johan was easy on the ear, and did not make his lectures long and boring.
an excellent program about how to do content in the social media, the tools to do it in a effective way
Very informative course! And professor Berger has made it really interesting with all the analogies...!
Super interesting! I was really engaged throughout the whole thing. I managed to complete it in 2 days.
This is one of the greatest and most useful courses i've ever taken, simple, easy to follow and amazing
Completely loved this course! Very well explained and what I liked the most was its practical approach.
Well explained and good examples...Basic stuff we tend to forget when we move up in the corporate world
Excellent concepts. Would love to do an advanced version of this course if something similar comes up.
I really loved the course. This course gave me many new insights to work within my marketing Journey.
This course is very useful and simple to understand with valuable information. I highly recommend it.
Simple, pretty much basics, but taught in an amusing and fun to watch and listen sort of way. Thanks!
Did exactly what its title said - efficiently, succinctly and captivatingly. I recommend this course.
This course has been very insightful for me. I appreciate the pace, and I appreciate the cases used.
Lots of great information and well-put together. Excellent for start-ups and other small businesses.
Highly recommend. Exceptionally engaging. Practical information that can be implemented immediately.
I did learn that there is a science that makes things stick & be contagious, its not  an accident!!
This course meant a lot for me, the knowledge that I acquired was to helpful for develop my career.
One of the best structured and informative courses I've taken.  I recommend this course. Well done!
Loved the course. The explanation, content all of it was excellent. I highly recommend this course.
Easy to understand and makes a lot of sense if you can relate with your own environment. Thank You.
Excellent Stuff . Pure science and practical way to understand how to craft for contagious content.
I love this course. Learned a lot of surprising information! Great speaker, engaging voice. Thanks!
An excellent course for getting the big picture of the content creation and community calculations.
It was valuable information that reinforces more about my experience as a social media strategist.
Well done, interesting contents, good professor, many example, good platform to work with. Thanks!
Very well Explained with Practical Approach and Real world Scenarios which can be easily applied .
I taught my mom about the funny stories and commercials from this course, now, she likes economics
Great professor! Used interesting content and the best real life example to understand it better.
Absolutely engaged, a fantastic course by a fantastic Professor-storyteller. Thank you massively.
Absolutely LOVED this course. Clear, concise content - well illustrated and explained. Thank you!
Easy to comprehend, the examples (cases) really help you to get some ideas for your own projects.
Such good information! I felt like I learned a lot and that he reinforced each message he taught!
Excellent course. Knowledge gain with this course is applicable in all spheres of life.Thank you!
Amazing course, The science behind viral marketing was easily explained and greatly transcribed.
Great information presented in a straightforward and entertaining platform. I audited the class.
It gave me a lot of useful information that I would use in my professional field. Great lecture!
Great course to help in understanding Social Media and how to best use it for your area of work.
Very interesting course with lots of practical examples! I would definitely recommend to others.
This was an awesome course! Very informative.  Great teaching.. Extremely valuable information.
the best course i have had by now.the best instructor i have seen by now.thank you professor...
Information is easy to digest. Applicable to other aspects of marketing: online, personal, etc.
The only thing bad about this course is: It is too short. Perfect course! Sharp, smart, simple.
It gives me many valuable input both as marketing lecturer and blogger.  Keep up the good work!
I enjoyed it a lot and finished the course in one day! Very informative and highly recommended.
this course is very helpful to become a reliable marketing in using viral marketing strategies
excellent, straight to the point, engaging, informative  course. Very good lecturer (teacher).
Great content provided by Professor Dr. Jonah Berger, I'm happy to take this course. thank you
I really love this course. It is so useful. I am a big fan of Professor Jonah Berger as well.
Amazing course..I want to be a content marketer & this course help me a lot.Thank you so much
So precise, so to the point. I was scared to even blink for I could miss on some information.
Great info, I am learning things that will turn out to be profitable stuff...great course...
It is very dynamic. I could find interesting elements to apply to my business. Thanks a lot.
+ the professor has a fun personality and energy+ the lesson is very useful and applicative
To the point, succinct, and simple to understand. Would recommend to anyone as a refresher.
I'm really enjoying doing this course and all the subjects that are brought into discution.
Brilliant course. Entertaining, informative, and easily digestible information and content.
Great class with directly applicable knowledge I intend on putting into action immediately.
Fantastic course. It's a perfect compliment to Professor Berger's book. Highly recommended.
A great course . Thanks a lot Prof. Berger - it was really engaging and interesting course.
Good course, but you have to take some notes. Otherwise the information will not stick ...
Course was shorter than my expectations. Could definitely add more content to this course.
Very unique and interesting course. A must do course for all the marketers of digital era.
Great class! Concise instruction, interesting stores/examples, practicing what you preach!
Very useful and enjoyable. It is short but I passed the course with a lots of information.
Amazing course. The instructor delivered the info really well. I wish he has more courses.
Great professor, kept me engaged , learned a lot and would take any course with him again.
Great course, really interesting and fun to watch. I feel like I learned a lot. Thank you!
Excellent course, very engaging and helpful for thinking about contagious marketing ideas.
This course has helped me understand the science behind how to craft a contagious content
missing the slides to be downloaded. there were links and so on that were not accessible.
I thought this was a great medium to learn and Professor Berger kept it very interesting.
Its really spell-bounded video where i founded a variety of different marketing strategy.
Awesome course! Loved the professor; great to supplement my current coursework with this.
Speaker was great in delivering the class, he was engaging and I liked his tone of voice.
Excellent course! Straightforward information, very friendly videos, easy to understand.
Excellent delivery by Prof Jonah Berger with sterling examples that simplifies learning.
It is an amazing course, I appreciate the examples and the way it was explained. Thanks
Useful and inspiring course, with a large amount of examples, graphics and stastistics.
Very easy to follow and understand and it's great for those who are stretched for time.
Great course with a great instructor. Great option for Marketeers and Product Manager.
The content was more than interesting and the professor explains conceptos very clear.
It is very good course with prectical material, which everyone can appry in daily work
Really great course! Thanks a lot to everybody who made it so interesting and amazing!
A self-contained, handy and practical guide to craft contagious content for marketing.
Great introductory course for getting in the right mindset for creating viral content!
The author is very engaging and made the material easily understandable and enjoyable.
Excellent content of the first module, clear insights from Instructor. Thanks Coursera
Thank you for the course! Now I understand how viral marketing works! Perfect course!
that was a great course for me , i did not have any information about viral marketing
Loved the lectures. I finally felt how interesting WOM and branding is!! Thanks a ton
Cool course. Great information and reinforcement of the basics that work effectively.
Mr.Johan Berger his english accent is super. The way he exposes things are also nice
the content is concentrated and perfectly illustrated.. it was an amazing experience
it's really one of the best courses i took, may look short but straight to the point
Great material to help you go through the basics. Real page(well, screen...)-turner.
A nicely done overview of Jonah's book "Contagious" with lots of practical examples.
Very interesting framework for thinking about how to be effective with social media.
Wonderful course, very useful and the materials are taught in a fun interesting way.
Great, quick course on the principles of viral marketing and making messages stick.
This lesson really open my mind about marketing! It is really suitable for beginner
Really interesting and helpful. I will definitely be able to apply this to my work.
Super interesting course - professor's delivery of information is simple and clear.
New Concepts and very insightful course. A must take for all marketing enthusiasts.
I learnt so much from this course even though i'm not that interested in marketing.
The course is great, very informative and easy to remember.I like the book as well.
If you looking for a Viral Marketing Knowledge ... Yes you are in the right place.
I really enjoyed the course and found it very informative as well as entertaining.
It's short but is very concise! Worth taking, great examples, and great professor!
Thank you very much for giving me this opportunity.

Best regards

Lia Martirosyan
Memorable, engaging, and easy to apply in daily life. Thanks for a quality course!
Very practical, realistic course which revealed the scientific part of viral world
It really tought me how to get my product and content viral, how, to whom and why.
Very informative. Nice examples and absolutely gripping! Very well done. Thank you
Brilliant course content with superb faculty. Thank you coursera for the learning
Knowledge acquired can be applied to a variety of disciplines. Extremely helpful.
One word about this course: fantastic! Very useful, very practical. A five stars!
I keep coming back to learn again secrets and gain inspiration from this course!
Great content, presentation, examples, and instruction on practical application.
awesome course! learn the process of making probable viral or contagious content
Interesting and very easy to follow. A great introduction to creative targeting.
Truly inspiring and motivational course for those who are majoring in Marketing.
Awesome course, I could have completed it in 2-3 days coz it was so interesting.
The best course.Perfectly curated for the people interested in viral marketing.
Great course, learned a lot about influencing other and get our idea out there!
It was an amazing course and extremely relevant for today's marketing strategy.
I was highly inspired by the course, and i am so glad that i have finished it!
Amazing course and instructor.Though it could have been a bit more elaborated.
This was really helpful. i'm going to spread the idea of pursuing this course.
Viral Marketing course is very helpful to get great insights about this topic.
Very informative and interesting. I found it very helpful and well presented.
lots of insights, well explained, easy to grasp, good content and very useful
This was a very usefull course and the Professor is great speaker. thank you!
Very informative and well explained.  It was well worth the time and effort.
Interesting and useful insight. 
Professor Berger is very easy to listen to.
Very useful information. Ineresting facts and examples. Thank you very much!
Filled with lots of pieces of wisdom that can be used beyond just marketing!
Very easy to follow- The example given highlighted every point of learning.
No fluff, pure content.  Learned so much in such a short time.  Thank you!!
Very useful. I found a lot of hidden reason for tactics to viral marketing.
Great introductory course in this field from a great teacher. Thanks a lot.
interesting a condensed course on viral marketing. good foundations. Thanks
very good, short and to the point.  The instructor was great and engaging.
Thank you very much. Easy to follow and understand. Very engaging content.
Awesome except that I can't finish the quiz without paying for the course.
This is great for content marketers to establish a niche in digital media.
its a great course, highly researched examples included,was really helpful
Awesome course. Help to understand basic changes that effects us globally.
I enjoyed the course. The professor was really clear in his explanations.
great material !  good explanation,  clarifying points, congratulations!!
I liked the simple but yet informative way of how the course is delivered
Good course, loved the way he taught, didnt have urge to skip anything :)
This course gives a better insight into outstanding marketing campaigns.
Great & very interesting Course. i had a lot of fun while completing it.
Great Course!A Synthesis  Week by Week in PDF could be a plus!Thx a lot!
Loved it. Well explained, good examples. The course was well structured.
this course is really interesting and useful. I study it without breaks)
This is a very interesting course with lots of relevant examples in it.
Amazing, clear concise discussion on how to make advertising effective.
Becoming a Viral Expert: Your Life Depends of This Marvellous Course!!!
I loved this course!  I learned so much useful information.  Thank you!
This class is mind blowing! I enjoyed every second of his teachings!!!
Do you want to learn all about viral? This is one of the best material
information was very comfortable to digest. I understood what I learnt
I just wish that I could get feedback on what I tried from the author.
THANK YOU I would not like I would LOVE to get more Study of the some.
This was the first COURSERA course I took and I found it very helpful.
A great course! I went through it twice and I'll probably do it again.
An eye-opening course for marketing beginners. I highly recommend it.
How make impactant content, wowww is incredible and very interesting.
simple and straight forward, easy to apply and understand. thank you.
Great course for those starting out in the content / marketing domain
Very interesting, easy to follow and professor presented great cases.
A fast way to understand how marketing can be more or less effective.
Yes it was a good course and it is a must for every content marketer.
Great course.  Lots of valuable information and interesting examples.
Honestly, the best instructor, clear information, excellent content!
I loved this course! Very interesting and catchy!Have learned a lot!
Very informative, and pertinent to my field of interest. reat course
Simply awesome! Learned a lot from this course. Jonah sir is great!
Very thorough and easy to understand. Highly recommend this course.
Wonderful course including many illustrations and scientific works.
Explained in a way that the educational content is also contagious.
Really good delivery, tons of interesting and engaging information.
Lots of great ideas to improve and excellent presentation. Awesome!
Very clearly explained and interesting, I really liked this course.
Outstanding. Short course, easy to follow along and very insightful
Super course. Very concise but full of insight. Highly recommended.
This course is very useful especially if you're a content creator.
perfectly framed , short yet comprehensive course. thank you, sir.
It's so fun and easy to follow the lesson like I'm watching series
Very engaging overview about the backgrounds of contagious content
Very easy and focused on business! Good pace. No milk and water 
Great course! very interesting stuff and useful ideas! <3 loved it
Worth read, really a helpful course to know about viral marketing.
My favorite class on marketing so far! Never skipped a second haha
Very interesting course with great examples of real life marketing
Very interesting and logical presentation. I enjoyed the lectures.
It was excellent, very practical and great examples. Recommended.
It was good content course but facing issue to get my certificate
Amazing course! Very informative and useful. Thank you professor.
amazing course! interesting, helpful and spectacularly delivered.
Some very useful concepts that are easy to aply in life and work.
Great lectures with plenty of useful examples and great insights!
I suspect I shall review this course multiple times. Great stuff.
Loved it, very useful and easy to understand and put to practice.
Great course! Concise information, very well presented.  Thanks!
Informative and very easy to understand thanks to Prof. Berger!
Good practical learnings delivered in an easy to follow manner!
Great content, would recommend to anyone in sales or marketing.
Really helpful and interesting course which is also well taught
It is an exceptional course... holds the key to viral marketing
A very informative course with well placed, relevant examples.
Very good course, covering message strategy in a modern sense.
excellent course...helped me a lot to forge strategies at work
Very useful, very engaging and interesting. Strongly Recommend
A very good course to expand your knowledge of viral marketing
It's amazing course from a world class tutor. Thank you Jonah.
Good Course I learn a lot from it especially the first week.
The course is well structured. and he made it clean and clear.
Very interesting, useful and amazing course.Thank you so much
I thoroughly enjoyed this course and I learnt so much from it
Very Helpful in understanding the concept of viral marketing.
Great course, great professor. Clear & concrete explanations.
Great Course! It was very informational and I learned a lot.
Really smooth and easy to follow. Just what school should be
Excellent course! Extremely useful! I strongly recommend it!
WELL ITS BECOME EASY TO STUDY FROM HOME AT ANY POINT OF TIME
Excellent course and excellent teacher. Thank you very much.
Jonah Berger is fantastic. Excellent quality of the course.
This course is better for us to learn something enchanting!
Best course ever on Content Curation and Product Marketing.
Very interesting, presented in a clear and interesting way.
really enjoyed it, not too drawn out and has great concepts
need more reference abpout the books about viral marketing.
The most fascinating and engaging course I've done so far!
Marvelous course, one of the best professor i've ever had.
Great class, what an amazing instructor! Totally recommend
Amazing and catchy content ! I  really enjoyed this course
Very interesting content and easy to understand and apply.
Short, Concise, and to the point.  Love the video example.
Amazing course, super informative, interesting and smooth.
Really good, lot of ideas came out to me from this course!
Thanks professor, practical knowledge, easy to implement.
Excellent, well presented, strcutured, easy to understand
This was interesting and led me to explore other courses.
If you want to get anything to go viral; get this course!
Very short and very precise. One of the best I had so far
Really useful and very interesting - I loved this course!
awesome structure of courser and very clear explanations!
Magnificant for understanding viral marketing influence.
Very good course tu understand how marketing viral works
Amazing, quick and efficient. Would certainly recommend.
Good pointers and basics on how things go viral. Useful.
The course is very useful, insightful and easy to learn.
great course and it provides an awesome ways of thinking
Brilliant Stuff! Loved the SUCCES and STEPPS framework.
Very useful materials! will be my reference for a while
It a very useful course for open the view of marketing.
I enjoyed this course.  Easy to follow and informative.
Really liked the course. Short, sweet and to the point.
Very good Course with a lot of very concrete examples .
Awesome! Needs some improvement on the slides though...
very helpful and motivating to learn more on the topic
Amazing and very useful course. The teacher was great.
great insights and detail. effective teaching content.
Excellent information in a very easy to follow format!
Thank you so much. Very comprehensive and interesting!
It was great to learn how and why things become sticky
engaging , short & crisp, eye opening for any marketer
Excellent learning of making a product / service viral
Loved this - very useful insights learned.  Thank you.
clear and nicely described. Interesting topic, thanks!
The best and must-read in the content marketing field!
Interesting course, useful ideas! Thanks, Professor!!!
Interesting, practical, useful and compact. Thank you
Great course! Informative, interesting, and engaging.
Amazing content! I'm really happy I took this course.
Nice and interesting. Really useful for startup guys.
This was a quick course with highly engaging content.
Probably one of the most insteresting MOOC out there.
Thank you for your scientific work, professor Berger
Great course. Well constructed. Valuable knowleadge.
Amazing insights, amazing content, amazing delivery
I found this course very usefull and easy to digest
A Truthful course from a Trustworthy teacher- Peace
So many use cases and real life examples! Loved it!
A lot of great information and very easy to follow.
Some great marketing points, thanks Professor Jonah
Insightful. Brilliant strategy. Clearly explained.
Excellent course about viral marketing! well done!
Very great and helpful content! Thanks Mr. Berger!
Easy to understand and follow. Useful information.
Super easy, fast, strait to the point, and helpful
Very useful and enjoyable! I totally recommend it!
Most interesting course I have ever took!Love it!
Simply and at the time very useful, thanks a lot.
Easy to follow, with many examples to learn from.
Very interesting way of teaching. Loved the way.
Great course! Very useful and explained clearly.
Amazing course you cannot afford to miss out on.
Straightforward introduction to Viral Marketing.
Excellent Content and Videos were so interesting
This course was extremely insightful. Thank you!
useful content and absolutely enjoyed the course
great one. I enjoyed it and learned alot. Thanks
Very useful information in a easy way to learn!
Really usefull and dynamic course. I recommend.
It's great course I ever learned,so eazy to und
Thanks. i love the course and its presentation.
very well structured and explained.  Thank you.
A very interesting course, i really suggest it
The most easy to understand course I must say.
very useful course, I've learned a lot from it
Very useful, the audio is a little bit too low
Amazing Course, I will use it accordingly. :-D
An excellent and funny professor! Great course
I find the lecture videos very understandable.
Very good content and delivery, a true keeper.
Prof made it easier to understand and absorb.
Very good intro into key marketing principles
A lot of useful general knowledge. I like it.
I'd like to see more courses by Jonah Berger.
Great content! Very well explained and useful
Excellent examples given which you can follow
Very interesting topic learning a lot from it
very insightful and I love the quick lessons.
Great Course! I cant wait to use these tools.
Excellent teacher and course. Congratulations
The course is very good and easy to catch up
I loved this course ! It was quick and easy!
So easy to get the info and memorize. Thanks
Loved every second of it! I highly recommend
Amazing, very useful information. Thank you!
Very well Structured and easy to comprehend!
Really good, easy to understand and useful.
I learned a lot, and recommend it for sure.
Interesting, engaging, completed in 2 days.
Very complete and incredibly informational!
Very good stuff. I would love to have more.
Great Course and content with apt examples.
Absolutely amazing course! A complete Must!
Loved the course! Learned a lot! Thank you!
amazing and full of new useful information
Great, relevant information. Thanks, Prof!
Very successful and useful course! Thanks.
Very useful information and great teacher!
Perfect. High quality and useful knowledge
Loved this super easy to understand class!
Great information with practical examples.
Very informative, practical course. Thanks
it was a great course and i enjoyed alot.
Loved it. I hope it will help. Thank you!
Amazing insight in such simplified manner
Great course with outstanding professor!
GREAT!!! Thank you, I could not log out.
I loved it. Very useful and interesting.
great course, very practical information
Great instructor and very rich content!
I learnt a lot of new things. Thank You
Very interesting and well-taught course
it us more helpful and ifulances thanks
Very useful and great insights! Lots of
Very interesting course, great trainer.
Excellent course - useful and engaging!
Excellent, simple, right to the point!
Very useful and incredibly convenient!
Fantastic course! Thank you very much!
great course, very clear and concrete!
Wonderful course - Crisp and succinct!
Brilliant course! Addictive in itself!
Structures approach, fun and hands-on.
very eye opener for techniques and tac
Very nice course, I enjoyed it so much
Quite apt & easy to understand & apply
well designed, interesting and useful.
Fantastic course with great learnings
AMAZING COURSE. I HIGHLY RECOMMEND IT
Well, this gringo know what he say!!!
Pretty useful in day to day projects.
Concise and straight to the point! ;)
Fantastic course and very informative
SImple and to the point...it sticks.
Very usefull and easy to be followed
Excellent lecture with live examples
very useful and simple understanding
Loved it! Very fun, easy and useful.
Very fast moving and easy to digest.
Really helpful and very informative
I learned a lot! Thank you so much!
I've enjoyed this course very much.
What a great source of information!
This course was amazing. Thank you!
love the classes and the examples!
It was very hepful and interesting
Absolutely amazing and very useful
It was wonderful, I learned a lot!
Amazing content for work and life.
Very interesting and enlightening.
i learnt alot of things .thank you
It was engaging and enlightening.
Very informative and interesting!
Professor was amazing. Thank you!
Brief but fascinating and useful.
Enjoyed the course! Very helpful!
Short, Crisp and very insightful.
It's the best course ever I taked
highly entertaining and energetic
very resourceful, worth learning
Very useful for content creation
interesting and rewarding course
Great course and very insightful
good content and useful insights
Great course. Really enjoyed it.
I found the course informative.
Very nice and helpful course!!!
Excellent course, very helpfull
Very usefull and easy to learn!
Great introduction to marketing
Compact and applicable content.
Its a good informational course
Great course to develop skills
Great course, great professor.
Thanks for course. It amazing!
Really interesting the details
The course is very insightful
Excellent course was to good.
Informative and entertaining!
Brilliant, really enjoyed it!
This was a really fun course!
Very informative . Thank You.
Simple and usefull knowledge.
Smart people; great concepts.
I loved it! Thanks Professor!
Simple, Effective and Useful.
Very informative, and useful
Great practical information.
Very good but rather simple.
Congratulation to everybody
Very exciting! Thank you :)
Great information!  Thanks!
Great, simple, insightful.
Phenomenal course and prof
Exellently crafted course!
really enjoyed it, thanks.
Very informative and fun!
amazing with simple words
Super interesting course!
Wow! Very helpful indeed!
Useful & exciting class..
Precise and knowledgable.
Short, clear and useful!
Quick and easy to grasp!
great investment of time
Very useful information!
Interesting and useful.
Great course! I love it
awesome and well taught
Really modernc content!
I LOVE THIS COURSE!!!!
Thoroughly enjoyed it.
I liked it very much!
I enjoyed this class!
Excellent! Thank you.
really useful course!
Very practical course
Nice course. Thanks!
It was very helpfull
Very good and useful
Was so informative!
Very good material!
fun and informative
One of my favorites
Very nice course!!!
enjoyedwatchingit!
Worth it every bit
simple and helpful
Loved the course.
Inspiring course!
Fantastic Course!
powerful insights
real good content
Great fun class!
Very insightful.
Amazing! Thanks!
True history.!
Great classes.
Very Concrete!
Great content,
I really enjoy
I loved it. :)
amazing ideas
top course.
Good Class
loved it!
