the idea of a teacher teaching a class is horrible, people come to online courses to actually learn something, and the reasons public schools usually don't work is because you have a class, full of people, the teacher addressing them, (and here absolutely unashamed and looking directly into the camera even though shes teaching a class), and explaining all the material in a very low level way. is it really that hard to say something was 'activated' and not 'exited'? this isn't a dog, or a human, its a blood vessel or an electrical charge, they don't get exited, they are at least activated by some other source. i tried to learn, i really did, but the fact that the professor got herself to look like a barbie doll for the camera and the kids, even though it is evident what her true age is, all jumping around and trying to act young and carefree, calling the kids by nicknames, cracking jokes. ma'am, this is a university, ,not community college, please, get your act together accordingly.
The videos were unwatchable. Thank goodness for the transcripts.You mean the amateurish/contrived/phony/staged question and answer type format?!!! Exactly !!!
Using text editor is awkward to read the doc.X files on a Mac . I have no  idea what a SRT file is so I am not comfortable downloading a file of this type.
Format was not the best for communicating the information
None of the vidoes are  working. =(
thats good
I listened to the first four videos of Week 1. I expected
some readings. I see that the only ones are the scripts of videos. Since the
videos are made for face-to-face lessons, sometimes it is not possible to see
the parts of the heart that the Professor is mentioning. Furthermore, the
Professor does not provide the textbook that she mentions.Thank
you anyway.Best regards.
the content was what i was looking for to update but i used other material sources to actually do it because the course delivery here was too conventional and therefore quite boring.
Not really challenging, easy, solid basis.
Thank you very much , it helped a lot. it was good to find a course like this, especially for me that Iam in a country that there is war , in here we fight against ISIS , and the situation is hard here to have courses and other things to be get better in what we want . so a huge thanks to you all.
I was sort of disappointed in Penn quality course...seemed to simply revist/reinforce what I learned in HS
A bit informative than expected as per a Life science student. However brilliant for beginners.
it was a good experiance.i got to revise things i learned before.thank you
very less clinical, but good to learn basics (theoretically)
Useful lesson for our live! However, it is quite difficult.
The is too good...Thank you coursera
Informative.
Dr. Scanga and colleagues were very adequat in teaching all the components related to vital signs. I enjoyed the course very much. One thing I would like to suggest is that I sometimes missed some depth. Most of the times only the fundametels were explained, which I understand and appreciate a lot. However, details is what distinguishes our knowledge compared to others who have not taken this course. In addition, since we all work (or aspire to work) in healthcare, it would be very illustrative if you could explain how these concepts are applied in practice. This was only done in the exams, but could be done more. Overall, hats of for setting up a great course.
Very detailed and informative, was worth watching the materials a number of times. For me I was trying to better understand my mother's Kidney Failure, and the Vitals we were doing each exchange (peritoneal dialysis, which I pretty much did for her for the first 3-4 months of it). You don't need to be a nurse, doctor or medical professional to have to need to know the basics, and I would recommend this one to anyone. Not the easiest pass, because it is somewhat deep, though not so much that it's not possible to finish well. Thank You for this informative MOOC. It's much appreciated.
This course is perfect to those who are looking for a challenge and is interested in learning about the vital signs. Please take this class! However, some sections of the course is very challenging. I would recommend taking notes and watching the videos 2-3 times each, verifying and adding more to the notes. Dr. Scanga is a wonderful teacher. She provides lots of demonstrations and adds lots of fun to each and every video, making it interesting and fun--even for younger viewers. I hope this helps!Enjoy, and have fun!
Even I did not complete all the course and I am in 5th week, I can say that everyone should know the information given in this course. Understanding what the body is telling us is the really important thing. The information is not hard to learn, the "teachers" (in this case - Dr.) seems not to be very boring and has a humor sense which make learning more easy and not though. Hope to finish this course in great results! Recommending to others ;)
I took this course to revue some of the basic skills of an EMT for assessment of a patient.  I learned many new incites into the reasons for what these vitals teach us in our treatment of the patient.  I am happy that I took this course and look forward to some of the other courses offered.  Thank you for your thoughtful instruction and I will pass on to my friends some of the knowledge I gained and recommend this training
Course was interesting and covered relevant anatomy/physiology in detail - I liked the balance between the lectures and the demonstrations in which the various vital signs were assessed. Connie Scanga knows her stuff, and although I wish her delivery were a bit more animated, she explained and reinforced concepts well and made good use of drawings and models. I also liked the use of mini case studies in the quizzes.
i loved this course.  being able to learn through video, audio, AND text with the option to highlight and save images as needed insured that all of my learning requirements were attainable.  Dr Connie Skanga was a great, enthusiastic teacher who, along with the students and other guest instructors, communicated the information clearly in a way that was easy to understand.  looking forward to more courses!
I learned a lot about the anatomy and physiology associated with common vital signs collected by health providers.  It helped me understand why they collect this information and what it truly tells them about my body functions and conditions.  My only complaint is that some of the classroom lectures seemed forced and unnatural, most likely due to the fact that everyone knew they were being filmed.
Excellent course. I am a Physical Therapist and found this course nicely complemented my knowledge. A small improvement could be made within this course by making the correct answers to the quizzes available, preferably with explanation, in order to learn from ones mistakes. (I am talking about the end quizzes to each lesson, not the questions after the videos which already do this)
I thought this was a well done course as a brief overview of vital systems. I do feel like there could have been a decent bit more information packed into the course to make it feel more in depth, as the concepts are not too difficult, but overall was a solid intro course. I hope there are more to come (and if they're already here, I hope I find them soon!)
The course does a swell job of easing you into its content, perhaps a tad too much for people with prior knowledge (though for an introductory course, this is hardly a valid point). The actual class setting was fun and nostalgic. The teacher's focus on revision made it easier to commit the lessons to memory. Very much enjoyed taking this course.
coursera is an amazing website to enable learning and engage knowledge in establishing minds of children. i just hope there is a way to allow us, students, to take more time learning. i mean the expire date we just have to rush things, when there is so much to explore in coursera. please consider       sincerely, Rouqayiah
This course offers a wide range of information and gave me a deeper understanding of the inner workings of the human body. I highly recommend this for anyone who wants in-depth, comprehensive information on the body's functions, various disorders of the heart, lungs, etc, and a general preparation for medical school.
I completely enjoyed the course. There are a few things I think should have been included in the course.1.  Describing and displaying different heart rhythms and what it means2.  When blood pressure and heart rate are not in sync3.  How is pain related to blood pressure 4.  Pulse oximetry
A really good overview for those starting a health science degree or those wishing to refresh their knowledge and pick up a few extra bits and pieces along the way. I particularly benefited from the week on the physiology of pain, and will be able to implement the knowledge in my work.
It is a good course for young medical students but more than 50% of the content is so basic and babyish wasting a lot of my time to go through the whole course when i only want about 30% -40% of that knowledge.I would recommend to split into two a basic one and an intermediate one.
This is an excellent course which offers a more than superficial introduction to the subject matter covered. It goes into some detail regarding the anatomy and the physiology underlying the vital signs. Anyone completing the course will have a good understanding the areas covered.
I really liked this course but at some points found it to be a bit dragging. The course is designed for clinicians and healthcare professionals. So, anyone out there who wants to learn more about the vital signs that control our living, this course is one click away!
The course was really excellent .It will very useful to me. And I Learned a lot of things.Now I knew the hearts important functions and structure how it works and how the vital signs are. Thank you so much to Dr. Scanga. She took the class very well.
I thought this course offered a good overview of key concepts related to vital signs. I found the lectures and lab videos to be very helpful. I also liked having lecture notes available to review before watching the video lectures.
The course gave me a much better understanding of human body and the mechanisms going inside different body parts. Learning with dr Scanga was very pleasant, however, the lessons could have contained much more information.
I found the work challenging, but at the same time revitalizing. I took this course for me to understand what my doctors are looking at during visits. It took a lot for me to understand the physiology, but it was worth it.
Really enjoyed the pace of the class. I learned a lot of new things. The instructor was very knowledgeable and thought the course in a way that helped me gain a better understanding of each topic that was covered.
It is an intense course for a layman but it is well explained and quite thorough. Its a great course if you intend to join the medical community or you already have the background of understanding the human body
Very well done. I like the fact that there are demos also.  It might be a hard course if someone has no biology background.  It's clear that this course is not the students first intro to many of these subjects
This course is rich in information. The use of models, the interactive setting with nursing students and the simlab activities made it easy to understand the concepts. Kudos to Dr. Scanga and the team!
The course provided a very nice perspective into some fundamental systems and made me appreciate even better the perfection of our bodies' design. It could have went a bit faster in some parts.
It was fun to do. But I got a little confused in a few weeks.. But I will sure remember this course and I am sure I will learn something related to these topics in future.. I love vital signs!
Very interesting! To future versions, maybe You could include more practical demonstrations about the assessment of vital signs. I'm very grateful to the team responsible for this course.
Very nice introductory course, extremely useful laboratory demonstrations and real-life examples given make the whole volume of information more practical and easy to follow.
I really enjoyed this course. I have a degree in Biology so that definitely helped but I found it easy to follow along and the provided Lecture Outlines helped a lot
its a very good course and the teachers are excellent at explaining especially the sim lab and practical sessions were very useful to me thankyou for the effort.
Wonderful Course, teaches you about Homeostasis, Circulatory System, Respiratory System, touches on respiration (chemical reactions) and the nervous system :)
Overall, very good. Students would benefit from more background in human anatomy and physiology than I have, but I still got a lot from the material.
good course. Helps a lot for beginners in medicine and all others non medical people to know basic mechanisms and vital signs in our body.
I was expecting the course to not be so technical, but I ended up learning a lot and most of it was really easy to follow and understand.
a nice course, slower pace, easy to watch/follow. good for people who are NEW to understanding vital signs. A good tool in beginners ECG.
It helps you to review the basics about the five vital signs. It´s a good course but I wish i could learn more in depth about the topic,
There are some parts which are inaudible but this course is very useful! The topics are explained simply and are easy to understand.
I love how there are students present to ask questions. It really helps to clarify the points that the professor is trying to make.
Instructor is amazing and very clear.  You have to be sure you are reviewing ALL course materials as the course is very thorough.
An excellent course to gain the basics and more of an in depth knowledge into what the body does and tells us with vital signs.
It's a great course but the volume variesw considerably in the videos, at moments barely audible or too loud in others.
course is really knowldegable and the week topics are well cordinated and explained and thank to all the lecturers.
The language was pretty difficult to grasp, but once understood it was very illuminating and fulfilling knowledge.
This is well a presented, informative and moderately challenging course.  Liked it enough to take it twice.
The course is good but I don't have the stuff to run it and I'm in middle school so it only gets 4 stars.
it was really good experience and also really informative. i am impressed the way you teaching seriously
An excellent overview of human physiology, recommended for undergraduate medicine or nursing students :)
vital signs course is very beneficial to learn basic about cardiology ...i love to do that course
Very helpful course. Good for the understanding of basic concepts of physiology. Well organized!
An excellent course to take in order to understand the basics of vital signs in the human body.
Thank you very much.  I learned a lot about my body and enjoyed the course very much.
Complemented my learning and taught me how to treat and assess different vital signs.
Dr scanga made it easy for me to understand this course.. it was an amazing journey.
Like this knowledge very much. Would like to learn more if course is available.
I have learned more about our body vital functions and made me to understand
very good course to get a .basic knowledge of vital signs for common people
I was primarily interested in the cardiology section, which was very good.
This course was good for a lot of different levels of understanding.
It is a very good experience to learn vital signs of body parts
Very useful even to folks not in the medical fields. Well done!
very good but there is a leakage on practical performance
It was very interstingI love this experience so much
Great, challenging course.  I thoroughly enjoyed it.
Excellent review about vital capacity development
The content was great.  It is very informative.
I found the instructor to be very knowledgable.
all perfect  thank you mam connie scanga.....
an exellenct course, i enjoyed it very much!
Good course, fantastic structure and lay out
It help me a lot and it you can try 3 times
Thanks it is very useful and simple course.
Good for basic understanding of vital signs
Very good, well presented and interesting
It was great and simple to understand!
Room for improvement for subtitles.
Great Course, A "must take" course
Very detailed and specific!!
Great course and instructor.
It's okay to begin with
it was really helpful.
Great Course !  It provides important information regarding anatomy and physiology of the main systems in our body. The video lectures are very interactive and Dr. Scanga has a great ability to teach.
I really enjoyed to the professor and the idea of learning the material with her students. It made me feel as if I was in the classroom learning with them.  She broke down the material in a great way.
Fantastic course. Dr. Scanga is an excellent teacher and the slower-paced "in classroom" style with real students asking and answering questions was very effective. Also enjoyed the lab days and the interviews with other faculty. Quizzes were challenging and included case studies that really made you think. Every Coursera course should aspire to be like this one.
The Vital Signs course has an excellent format, particularly the structure of the quizes offered at the end of each lecture. I found Dr Scanga very knowledgeable. This was the first time I have sat a course that I could actually achieve and understand what I needed without having to go to such desperate lengths of scouring books, journal articles and the internet to understand all basic and necessary concepts. Many university courses are not as well prepared or taught and this was a refreshing experience - at long last! I highly recommend it to students who may be struggling in their anatomy and physiology courses, as this provides a comprehensive overview/review of everything you generally need to know or for anyone looking to brush up on their basic understanding in the area. Some general baseline understanding of human biology, anatomy and physiology is required, however, so I would not recommend this for novice learners. If so, additional reading and study would be required. An excellent course.
Yes, it is very useful to me and  I will suggest to my friends to take this course. My sincere Thanks to Connie B. Scanga, PhD, she taken the all lecture clearly and her lecture was easy to understand.
Really enjoyed this course.  It was very well taught and I particularly liked the way that it was done within a classroom setting, rather than just the lecturer talking to camera.  I also learnt a lot
This was a really interesting course and for someone like myself, who has no background in nursing, this was pitched at just the right level and had the perfect pace to keep me going.  What I liked the most was the simplicity of presentation, with Dr Connie Scanga standing in front of a small class, teaching and interacting with her students.  She created a welcoming and encouraging atmosphere in which to pass on her wealth of knowledge.  Also great were her team of healthcare workers: Amanda and Megan ( i think!) who rounded off the weeks with interesting demonstrations.  All in all, a fabulous course that I'm sad to see end!
Dr. Scanga's approach on consistently relating the organ structure to its function makes it easier to remember. Her examples are easy to relate to which makes me appreciate the subject content more.
A great course, with lectures clear and easy to understand for those without any specifical educationnal background, but developped enough to keep the others interested as well. The rest of the course is very accessible as well and designed to make us save time and focus on actual learning. The course outline (summary of every video of the week) are pretty awesome and saves me a lot of time (although, I wouldn't want to sound needy but it would be great to include pictures as well. But I can do it myself :-) )Just a little note on the first lectures : they sound a little bit akward, like fake lessons with comedians already knowing the answers and odd camera looks. But it dissipate very fast as the course continues and should not impact studies at all (maybe it's just me overthinking it anyway).So, in two words : THANK YOU !
First and foremost, I would like to extend my sincerest thanks and gratitude to the Coursera Community for offering this course. Likewise to the instructors especially Dr. Scanga for simplified mode of instruction.I gave a perfect rate simply because I learned a lot from this course. The process of delivering your lessons are really simplified and practical in nature because after each lesson, practical assessments follow. This is a good reinforcement of learning. Your graded assignments as well gave the learners ample time to rethink and deeply contemplate on the incorrect answers. I believe that after failure, great learning comes in. And this is the very purpose of your graded assignments for extending them up to 3 attempts. Once more, thank you so much and more power!
This is a basic, non-complicated yet thorough course on understanding the human body.  It is a fantastic course to take prior to Anatomy & Physiology as presented on Coursera by Duke University.  Dr Scanga and her team do a wonderful job of engaging the student with in lecture photos, diagrams and models as well as lab simulations that mimic real world scenarios, not to mention their enthusiasm for the material. If you have even the smallest interest in the body you carry around every day, take this course!!
I have learned a lot of things from this course. This course disclosed innumerable mysteries of human body that I didn't know earlier. I really enjoyed this course. Thanks for this wonderful content.
This has been an outstanding course for me. I am marketing and business professional with a deep passion and interest in natural ways to keep the mind and body healthy with right food and lifestyle. I picked this course out of curiosity to understand the human body at a scientific level. I do not have a science background hence I wasn't sure I would be able to comprehend the technical concepts. However, I have to say that Prof Connie Scanga is outstanding. She made the most difficult and complex concepts so easy to grasp and so interesting that the time in each section just flew. I didn't have to check my watch on the time that had passed as there was not a single dull moment. The course material is also fascinating in that it has left me with an even deeper appreciation of what an incredible, supreme machine the human body is. I would recommend this course for anyone who wants to live a healthier, happier life. For to do that, we must learn to understand & respect our body and know what makes it work.  The only feedback I have for the course coordinators is that I was unable to download the course material and final transcripts for a revision as they are in a format that needs an additional application download. Would appreciate if this can be made easier and also if the course material transcript compilation can be at a convenient place to access post course completion, if one needs to go back for a revision or reference.
This is an excellent course. Rich background info is provided in the e-textbook, the videos are very well made (incorporating a lecture-type and a Q&A-type of presentation), there are videos with demonstrations in the labs that make digesting the stuff already presented during the lectures much easier. Well-organised and nicely presented. I learned a lot by following this course. Many thanks to Prof. Dr. Connie Scanga and her team! I really enjoyed this course from start to finish. Dr. Scanga is an excellent educator and takes the time to thoroughly explain difficult concepts. I really enjoyed seeing the lab demonstrations along with the lectures.
This course is perfect for those who do not have a background knowlegde of human anatomy. The demonstration is clear, and teacher's speech is at a right speed which allows even non-native english speakers , like myself, to fully understand and react to the content. The form of the course is wisely chosen,  real students are included and there are Q&As with them, i can pause and answer the questions myself and see if i get it right. this is much more interesting than just listening to a lecture in which the teacher speaks into the camera. Thank you Dr. Scanga for such a good course. I Will catch up the the pace.
I do love this course. First because PhD. Scanga is such very enthusiastic teacher, so this leave the lecture much more interesting. And there are other details which call my atencion, like the quality of the video. I already listening other Coursera classes, but the quality of the video wasn't that good. Other thing that call my atencion was the sim Lab classes. I really do appreciate the virtual experience in the Lab. Finally, the lecture with participating students asking questions, it's so interesting, this is to enrich the lesson!My regards,Marihem Ferreira -
Vital Signs is a terrific course for anyone looking to learn or review the basic physiology and assessment of vital signs and the metabolic processes that regulate them. The lecture videos are not only very professional, but they are just the right length to watch and review. The in-video quizzes help course participants self-assess their learning, and the end-of-unit quizzes adequately represent the topics covered in course lectures. I really enjoyed this fascinating subject, and I hope to continue learning more about other metabolic processes and body systems.
This was a practical and informative course. Dr Scanga presented the information methodically, which allowed me to easily understand and collate my ideas throughout the lectures. She very well explained everything that was needed to know so that I was successful when completing the quizzes. I prefer lecture videos like these because it allows me to pause the video and take notes or rewind to review misconceptions. I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in learning a bit more about how our bodies function to keep us alive.
Thank you Dr. Scanga and UPenn! This course is fascinating and so much more informative than I originally imagined when I enrolled. Not only will this help me in my job with the information centers of various NIH institutes, but I feel that I more equipped to best care of my husband and children (and myself, I suppose) and help them communicate more effectively with our physicians from now on. Thanks, again! I have already recommended this course to my siblings and parents and will now be recommending it as a part of training at work!
A good course especially for people who are not in the medical field and have not taken other medical classes. It would be a good review for those who have. The class' overall design is so that a non-medical savvy person can easily follow along, while learning interesting as well as important things concerning our bodies. I took the class because my husband had a stroke and I am attempting to learn what I can to help him. The class was very educational. I recommend to people who have a family member who is ill or in a nursing home.
I absolutely loved it! Professor Sganga (sorry if I spell it wrong) was wonderful in her instruction. I have taken a few medical courses and no one has been as explicit and mindful in their delivery of the information. She did not just introduce the terminology she used it often and she explained processes slowly and with a clear understanding that we a re laymen and she reiterated each concept as she moved from one lesson to the next. A+ for Instruction. I would take another class from her in a heart beat ( ;
Excellent course to start understanding how to read what our vital signs are telling us. Dr Scanga's teaching style is very relaxed, illustrative and she keeps engagement level high by asking questions in between lectures. I love the transcripts of Coursera Courses that follow with the lecture, highlighting the sentence the speaker is saying currently. It enables me to follow lectures more closely. Also, it's really cool to click on any sentence and the lecture begins with that sentence. Thankyou!
So far I've studied all week 1 and week 2 materials and I love this course! Everything about it: the way lectures are presented ,the demos in the sim lab, and the content itself.. it's all rich and great. I'm a high school junior so I don't have a whole basic biology knowledge under my belt and I thought there would be a slight difficulty for me to grasp the material, but everything here is simple and wholesome. I learned a lot those two weeks, so thanks Vital Signs team for your great work!
Dr. Connie Scanga is an engaging professor who clearly enjoys what she is doing. The images that accompany the lectures are very helpful. Her explanations are clear and thorough to where the average bear may develop an understanding of what's happening behind the numbers. Excellent course, I cannot recommend enough whether you're interested in pursuing patient care type jobs or just want to know more about medicine. Thank you Dr. Scanga for providing amazing lectures and for what you do.
This course was very interesting and perfectly pitched for someone who has studied biology at school. The videos were succinct, relevant and functional which made the course achievable alongside a full-time job. I love learning about medicine and this course has encouraged me to seek out further opportunities to carry out study in this area. I really enjoyed taking the course and I will no doubt go over it again to refresh my knowledge at some point soon. Thank you for making it :-)!
I really enjoyed this course from start to finish. Dr. Scanga is an excellent educator and takes the time to thoroughly explain difficult concepts. I really enjoyed seeing the lab demonstrations along with the lectures. I also enjoyed that a bit of Medical Anthropology was introduced in week 6 through the 2 interview-style segments- it really helped to understand why assessing and diagnosing pain in patients is so complex. Would highly recommend this course!!
This is an excellent course. Rich background info is provided in the e-textbook, the videos are very well made (incorporating a lecture-type and a Q&A-type of presentation), there are videos with demonstrations in the labs that make digesting the stuff already presented during the lectures much easier. Well-organised and nicely presented. I learned a lot by following this course. Many thanks to Prof. Dr. Connie Scanga and her team!
This was far the best online course I've ever made. The method is new for me and I think it really works! It puts you inside a class with the chance to answer yourself and making you thinking about what they were talking about, with time enough to understand. Congratulations to the amazing team that produced this great course! I'm looking forward to have another one, the same talented like this one. Thank you. ;) Damian.
It's a really good course for students and professionals that work in health care. I loved the enthusiasm of the Dr. Scanga in every video. It is easy to understand and follow, even if you're not that good in English (my case). I would recommend it to others, for sure! It took more time to finish that I was expecting to, and that's probably the only negative point of this course. I learned a lot.
It was a wonderful study, a very informative and a beneficial course. Dr. Scanga who taught this course is an amazing teacher. She has made many of the complexities of the course into simpler segments and explanations in a way that anybody could understand. Hats-off to her ! I would highly recommend this course to my friends who are medical professionals especially beginners. Thank you !
As a senior medical student, this course was really important in helping me  interpret vital signs and review some basic physiological concepts.
I thought this course was great for basic overviews of each topic discussed. For someone who has completed a B.S. in Neuroscience I felt like a lot of topics from my degree coursework were resurfaced in these lessons, and they acted as great refreshers. I definitely felt like I came across information that I hadn't remembered or didn't learn too much about and some information i felt well informed on compared to the level at which is was discussed in the course, but I still enjoyed it and still felt like I was learning and engaged most of the time. I thought the simulations were great and also looked forward to the case studies in the quizzes. I think it would have beneficial and entertaining to talk about case studies in the lessons as well. Going into the course, I think I was hoping to learn more about real life clinical scenarios and abnormalities to look of for when measuring the vital signs, along with of course the anatomy and physiology (structure and function) and importance of the vital signs. I do however, feel that the later was well taken care of throughout this course. Although, I would have loved to go into each topic further, I think this course is attractive for a variety of learners.
I'm one who is very hesitant to look at reviews and believe everything that is written within them without some skepticism. I know that this review may be read no differently by those of you like me— and that's okay. However, if I may extend a personal recommendation, I highly recommend, if you love medicine, human anatomy, and human physiology, to give this course a try. For a novice who has never taken a true medical course, that includes basic human anatomy, I found this course to be very engaging and helped my knowledge grow a lot. The teachers were excellent, in my opinion, and I liked what they tried to do with having actual students participate in the lectures to make it seem like you were a part of the class. Again, I highly recommend giving this course a shot and I hope you enjoy it and stick it through till the end. ✌️
Great course with a lot of good content. I am taking this four years after completing my master's and this was one of the best learning experience I have got from a course setting since then. The way lectures were planned was really appealing to me. Especially having real classroom setting with professor and students made a big difference when it came to being interactive. A big thanks to Dr. Connie Scanga and her team! Putting together this course was a job well done!! I also wanted to buy a reference book that can be used in the future when and if I wanted to explore the subject further. Providing that piece of information would make it a near perfect experience.
This was so well done. Thank you to Dr Scanga, Megan and Amanda for the lectures, and the students who participated. I also appreciate how everyone was so nicely dressed, beautiful hair ect. It just showed all the care and attention taken into all aspects of this course. Well done and thank you so much! Dr Scanga, you have a wonderful teaching style, and you can tell, you know your subject matter so well! Thank you for teaching and doing this course. Again, I can tell there was attention, care and time taken into planning the lecture segments, and being on camera may have been uncomfortable, therefore I acknowledge that, as part of my thanks for doing this.
This is my first completed course on Coursera and it's been pretty good. I could go at my own pace, which I really liked and was able to finish much faster, while not compromising the quality of how I was learning. I liked how the "weeks" were sectioned and the videos in general never went to fast, but a couple should be put at 1.25 speed if you're very impatient twitchy like me. Dr. Scanga does a really good job at explaining everything and connecting all the lectures together so that it feels like a lesson, rather than blocky chunks of information that I need to somehow shove into my head. Highly recommend.
This course is amazing, interesting, thorough, easy to follow, and it provides a whole lot of knowledge that is fascinating. I enjoyed every single lecture and was able to understand everything. I was provided with all the necessary information and materials to have a complete grasp of the topics. Dr. Scanga is an amazing teacher, she uses easy language, speaks clearly and she makes you feel sincere interest in the topic and lecture. There are also a lot of demos and interviews that make everything more real, exciting and interesting.I had a very fun time while learning, thank you so so so so sooo much!
its something new for me, its something I always want to know. knowing the basic makes me want to learn deeper so it may help us in the future or maybe even help medical practitioner.it might help us to take care our health also or maybe help our loved onethere are so many things that i learn from the course, its even give me new perspective on my work field,  am working in kitchen and nutrition and health are something that concern us when making food. what the food can cause in human body.this is one good course. i am sure gonna take another course about vital sign
This was my first time taking a medical course, and I had no prior knowledge of how the body works (aside from the simple things they teach us in grade school). Dr. Scanga explained things clearly and thoroughly, and in the end I feel like I learned more from this course than I have from any other online course I have taken. The simple quizzes at the end of the videos helped me to make sure I understood things clearly before I moved forward, and the case studies in the end-of-week quizzes helped me apply what I learned to real-life experiences. Thank you Dr. Scanga!
This is my first online course on Coursera and it was wonderful. I have never studied abroad before and this course is still very easy to learn for a non-native english speaker like me. The teacher was enjoyed her teaching and she spoke very clear and explained very well. The interaction with students in the videos is excellent to keep concentrating in the course. This is not relevant to my job or expertise but it brought me a lot of new interesting knowledge which is very useful to me to understand more about my body. Thank you so much for creating this course <3
This course builds an excellent foundation for understanding the vital signs and using them as a diagnostic tool. As an EMT, I found this course to answer many questions that arise during my patient assessments. I particularly enjoyed the pace of the course. I thought the ways in which the material was presented by Dr. Scanga made it suitable for beginners. She has the ability to explain complex concepts in simple and understandable ways. I took this course to help bridge the gap between my EMT cert and a potential Paramedic cert. Thank you!
Very thorough and helpful course for understanding the significance of vital signs and how to interpret them. I believe the information provided in the course has helped me be a better patient as well as a better healthcare provider. I would recommend having some background knowledge in anatomy, physiology, and medical terminology to be prepared for the content of this course. I am a high school student studying to be a CNA and found this class to be appropriately challenging (not too difficult but still informative).
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO TAKE THIS COURSE TO ALL MEDICAL ASPIRANTS . IT WILL HELP YOU TO CLARIFY CONCEPTS RELATED TO ANATOMY AND PHYSIOLOGY AND I WAS MYSELF STUCK YO THE COURSE SO CURIOUSLY THAT I COULD COMPLETE IT WITHIN 3 DAYS . IM VERY GRATEFUL TO PROFESSOR DR. SCANGA . I MUST SAY YOU ARE ONE OF THE BEST TEACHERS , KIND AND CHEERFUL PERSON. THANKS TO COURSERA AND UNIVERSITY OF PENN FOR MAKING THIS PLATFORM ACCESSABLE TO EVERYONE. I WILL ALWAYS LOOK FORWARD TO TAKE VARIOUS COURSES OFFERED.
Excellent content for individuals who have zero-to-some life sciences background. The Professors in the course do a great job breaking down key concepts and typing information together so you learn just enough background to understand the vital sign of each week's topic. I highly recommend this course, especially with the self quarantine and likelihood that people will have to monitor their own symptoms etc. The basis for these vital signs is foundational life knowledge!
This course is an excellent instruction for the understanding of vital signs.  While I understand this is a course for nursing students anyone can benefit from this course.  I took this course because my medical professional tells me so little when I visit I needed a better understanding of the numbers and their procedures.  The instructor did an excellent job balancing the science and the technical jargon with laymen real world explanations.
a superb course.I have gained so much knowledge about the human body and its functioning .The course is very informative in a way that makes it easy to comprehend even for laypersons like me.For this all credit to the brilliant and vibrant personality of dr scanga.She  made even the most mundane topics interesting with her explanations,questions ,exclamations and a little dash of humour.thank you ,its been a great experience
This course goes at an easy pace and takes the time to really explain the concepts. The outline provided follows the lecture perfectly and allows for easy note taking. The videos are broken into short segments that make it easy to stay focused and watch whenever I have a free moment. I love that I do not have to sit and watch a 1.5hr lecture. With my career, there is no way I would have the time. Excellent course!!
Simple enough for laymen to understand what healthcare pros do during initial checkups and why they do them. For healthcare pros, this is an easy refresher course on the basics. As a medical student, I sort of expected an in-depth look at how the vital signs relate to clinical events (e.g. acidosis, CHF, etc), but the "beginner" tag should have prepared me otherwise hehe. In any case, a well-taught course.
I found this course very informative, and easy to follow along with. The course was full of well explained examples, details, and demonstrations. I especially enjoyed the interviews at the end which were a very important reminder of how pain is perceived and managed in different demographics, but even knowing that, it is important to remember that each individual must be judged independently.
I liked the pace of the course. The lecturer is very clear and systematic in her delivery of the lesson.  The setting with the students enables me to visualize that I am also one of the participants taking the class. At times, I would found myself shouting out the answers. The quiz at the end of each video enables me to evaluate my understanding of the lesson, which I found very useful.
I think most people taking this course were training to be in the medical field. I am not a part of the medical field, I just took it to learn more about how my body works. This course presented material in an accessible way. The Q&A lecture style with 3-5 students present made me feel as though I was sitting in on a very active classroom. I learned a lot and only wish there was more.
Amazing course!  I know that I've been exposed to this material previously in high school biology and a course in Clinical Aspects of Pharmaceutical Medicine, but Dr. Scanga really made the material accessible and I feel as though I have a very clear understanding now, wondering why I didn't completely "get" some of the nuances before.  VERY enjoyable course, well taught.  Thank you!
This is a great course for anyone who is interested in learning more in regards to our human vital signs, thinking of starting a nursing carrier or currently in the medical field. Instructor Connie Skagna was very thorough and comprehensive, making this course a home run! I am more than glad that I was able to not only learn, but receive a certification as well. Thank You Coursera!!!
Great course for people who are interested in getting deeper into how the body works. Seeing as some courses tend to be quite easy on here, I was pleasantly surprised to find myself challenged every lesson. Furthermore, everything is impeccably structured and pedagogically designed to enhance learning. It's simply a great course. TAKE IT! You'll come away with a sense of achievement!
This course is just right for someone like me who has little medical knowledge but wants to know what the medics are looking for when they do their standard tests.  It is well organised and benefits from the nursing students, who answer the awkward questions better than I could have done.   Many thanks to everyone involved in producing the course, I enjoyed doing it and learnt a lot.
It's was my first course on Coursera and I can't compare it, but it certainly put the bar quite high - it was easy to follow, the structure and length of lessons/videos was perfect for people who work in different field, but want to broaden their knowledge of medicine. Quiz at the end of each video and week is a good way to review and remember at least something from the course.
I am very very thankful to Dr. Scanga, who is a very humble,
dedicated, and outstanding Professor. She explained the Vital signs mechanism/ concept in a very precisely, in an understanding manner. She is the asset of the University. I also would like to thank
to the whole Coursera team, who recorded & organized the course  & make it very interesting.RegardsMuhammad Amir Mustufa
Thanks to Professor Scanga and her team for this excellent course on vital signs. The lectures are very well presented and easy to follow even for a layman. I can only recommend this course to anybody interested in learning about vital signs. I particularly enjoyed watching the parts in the simulation lab as they showed how to apply the lecture contents in a clinical setting.
Dr. Scanga's lectures were delivered with deliberation, naturalness, and friendliness..Two experts were also inducted bringing in variety and different outlook. It was a fascinating journey and the students in her class looked really earnest and motivated. Thanks a lot for giving me and many others the opportunity of listening to such eminent teachers from Penn.A G Maxwell
It is truly an exceptional course feeding with all the relevant material to know about what our body is telling us during day to day activities.I highly appreciate the Professor for sharing the knowledge and also for timely testing the knowledge that we gained through individual sessions.Thanks coursera for providing us such a platform of enhancing learning abilities.
Excellent way of presenting the material and the professor is phenomenal! Even though I've been working in the health care field for some time now and come across most of the material, I still found the knowledge to be insightful. I have a better understanding of these concepts after taking this course. Highly recommended and can easily be done in less than 6 weeks.
I loved this course!! Dr. Scanga is an incredible teacher; the guest teachers featured throughout this course are all very knowledgeable and made me feel like I was truly auditing a class at UPenn. What a phenomenal nursing program -- and even more incredible to be a fly on the wall and learn about how our bodies function and communicate to us. Highly recommend!!
I absolutely loved this class. Dr. Scanga is such an excellent instructor and so kind and encouraging. I loved the video format; everything was so well-done and high quality that I felt like I was really sitting in on the lectures. I truly learned so much and really enjoyed the journey. I'm a little sad that it's over. Thank you for making this course available!
Video lectures were completed in a classroom or lab setting with regular in-video MCQs which enhanced the feeling of being a classroom attendant.  The interactive component will help you to stay focused and to truly evaluate whether you've understood the content being discussed.  I am sure you'll likely find the course to be insightful and interesting as I have.
I just want to thank the coursera team for the opportunity they have given us to learn and remind ourselves on basic elements of medicine that we need to recognize in our day today living .Thanks to the tutors and the entire group who made it possible for the learning to be modulated in search a simple and easy way to understand..Big ups...Dr. Calvin M. Achieng
Excellent Course. Very clear explanations. Lovely class setting, very helpful hand-out, interesting for everybody until the end, very challenging but there is a nice balance between theory and practice. I learned a lot. Excellent teaching of Dr. C. Scanga. Please more of such classes! It would have been nice to have an overall test at the end or an assignment.
First MOOC course I have taken - and I am flashed. It was so informative with interesting content, many facts. All in one more than I expected. The atmophere of the course is very friendly and the instructors speak very clear and slowly. The relevant information is being repeated several times, so you really get to the point. Perfect! Thanks for the good time!
In the midst of these crazy times learning a bit about how the body works was fascinating and left me curious and eager to find out more. I loved the classroom format, the lab, the interviews and the interaction with the students. A big thank you to Dr. Scanga, the students and everybody who contributed to making this course available to so many of us.
Really good course if you enjoy learning about human anatomy or are interested in the kinds of things a doctor assesses you for! I found the material easy to learn and was able to watch all of the videos on 2x speed, which cut down the time commitment. The in-video quiz questions are available for you to study and I felt well prepared for the quizzes.
For somebody who left school 25 years ago and didn't even have biology as a subject back then, I found this course fascinating yet practical. Thank you to Prof Scanga who really managed to convey intimidating concepts in a measured and very easy-to-follow manner.Thank you for keeping my mind occupied during our strict lockdown here in South Africa! :)
This course was awesome and easy to follow. They had nice demos that showed how healthcare providers check patients' vital signs and also why they do it. This course was amazing, and the instructor was neither too fast nor too slow and made it really easy to follow the course. Recommend for anybody to better understand their own body and vital signs.
The content of this course is extremely good. In addition to the content, the strength of the course is the teaching methods by Professor Connie B. Scanga, PhD.  This course has helped me a lot in understanding the Vital signs and related information. I genuinely thank Professor  Connie B. Scanga for making this entire course journey simpler for me.
I'm a second year medicine student. I haven't taken physiology yet, so I found the course quite interesting. It had enough information to give new pointers, and the anatomy sections were well explained, easy to follow, and an excellent review for me. I have to say that I really enjoyed Prof. Connie's lectures, as I think she was quite clear.
Dr Connie I can't be more grateful and blessed with this course and having your class you are one of the rarest professors who can give the complicated information in the simplest way I really interested every single moment in this course it was very informative and beneficial thank you and thaks for coursera to give me such an experience.
The only Biology lectures that I ever understood. I hated biology subject as a kid in school, and I know now why some of my friends find it so interesting. Thanks to Dr. Connie Scanga for explaining those complex concepts so elaborately. A must-do course for people like me who are in no-way related to medical field. Thanks Dr. Scanga.
Great course. I took it for fun rather than for career purposes and thought it was terrific. This was my first Coursera course and I was impressed by the logistics and organization. The professor, Dr. Scanga, was extremely knowledgeable and a very effective presenter of complex topics. The quizzes were appropriately challenging.
Professor Connie Scanga is an amazing professional and she conducts the course perfectly, triggering our desire to learn more and more about how the body works. I'm so grateful for this opportunity, for be possible to me to learn a lot of things with great professionals through a very well designed course. Thank you so much!
hi Eisha here .I am quite delighted that i have completed my course .I also want to praise my teacher Prof.Connie Scanga her way of teaching and elaborating is awesome .I like her way she taught during the whole course .It was the best and perfectly designed course indeed .Thanks Professor for your gorgeous teaching method.
What a brilliant and eye opening course! I think my favorite part was that the videos were shot it the classroom, making you feel like a part of the class. It's a bit difficult to stick to at first (because of the amount of content), but once you do, you will understand the body so much better! Thank you so much Dr. Scanga!
its my first ever online course work. i am very glad to join this forum and writing review, a very detailed and informative course it was plus i also appreciate the discussion question answers with such a detailed explainations by mentors. looking forward for more worthy courses to polish my skills and enhance my knowledge.
Excellent course! Very informative. As a med student, I found it a really nice way to get started on medical concepts. I loved Dr. Scanga's teaching methods; she really makes sure you understand the basic concepts. You'll find yourself being able to apply and recognize all this knowledge on vital signs on your day to day!
Wonderful course. Instructor is very engaging and makes even complex concepts very easy to understand and relatable to everyone. My goal was work related but this course was very interesting and useful for anyone in the general public who has any interest in their body and how it works and what happens in medical care.
The course is great for non-professionals in that it goes deep enough to better understand the causes of various conditions and the processes in the body, but not too deep to be overly complicated. And the most wonderful thing is that it always provides references for those who are interested in more technical details.
The course was very well structured, covered a lot of ground and helped us understand vital concepts. I have no words to express my gratitude to Professor Connie Scanga. I loved her presentation, the interactive sessions, the lab sessions and her energy and enthusiasm. Thank you so much dearest Professor Connie Scanga.
I love the course very much, really enjoy every lesson! Beside the theory classes, there are demonstration and lab assessment. The quiz given including study cases which related the topic to the daily life. Thank you Dr. Scanga and colleagues, thank you University of Pennsylvania!! The course is highly recommended.
Great course, especially for beginners. I'm far away from medicine, and I had a really poor knowledge about this subject. This course helped me to understand basic ideas of vital signs of human body. The teacher is very good and explains material in a very clear and interesting way. I highly recommend this course.
Since I am a nurse this course was perfect for me to refresh the skills about human anatomy and physiology in the most important parts of the body. Dr. Connie B. Scanga, thank you so much for clear explanations about everything. It was easy and interesting to follow. You have been a perfect teacher on this course.
Excellent course. I truly enjoyed it. Dr. Scanga's way of teaching matched exactly what I wanted to take away from this course. The format with the nursing students joining in the lecture, the demo labs, and the just the right content of each lecture made me look forward to completing them all. Thank you so much.
The course was well prepared and presented by Professor Scanga. I
really enjoyed her introductory lectures.  She was always motivating
and positively complimenting the students.  I would like to express
my sincere thanks to Professor Scanga and her team colleagues and
Coursera for proving such course.
Dr. Scanga is a delightful and very skilled instructor who takes the very complicated subject of the human body and makes it interesting and understandable for all levels.  I would welcome another course such as this to continue the fascinating topic of exploring the human body. Thank you, Dr. Scanga.
The course was very interesting, with a lot of useful information presented in a way that was easy to understand. The demos done in the class really help with understanding the concepts in a real life setting. I would recommend this class to anyone wanting to know more about how the body works.
I'd like to recommand this course to you , especially you're in learning interrelated courses like Physiology ,  Anatomy or Diagnostics. It can give you a concise concept of some vital signs, so that giving a understangding of body strctures and helping you konw relevant clinical knowledge .
Dr. Scanga does an amazing job of teaching this class.  She review using repetition of commonly sued ideas and words.  In addition to the transcript and quizes and diagrams this coarse allows success for all learning stradegies.  Thank you. I would definitely take any of her classes again!
Professor Connie Scanga performed an excellent job in manifesting and delivering quality education. Her ways are truly effective and engaging. The course covers a lot of important topics that will enhance the understanding of an individual on why assessing vital signs is quite important.
I thought that this course was a great visual and explanatory aid to understand more about the human body. From the stand point of a 14 year old, it did get a little boring at the end but when Dr. Scanga started talking about nerves she caught my attention. in short, I loved the course
This course taught me a lot more about the human body and bodily processes that occur on a daily basis. It helped me gain a better understanding at how things like diet, exercise, and other habits affect people at a tissue/organ level without being too complex. This is a great class.
Thanks to this course, I have understood considerably more about our bodies. It's really intereting to discovery our simple daily activities interpreted from scientific or medical view. Thanks a lot you all, professionals (for your teaching) as well as students (for your questions).
Excellent introduction to basic vital signs.  Knowledge can help a person become more aware of one's own health or a loved one's health.  Provides insight on how to approach a medical visit and a better understanding of what the medical practitioner is or should be doing or asking.
This course helped me to understand better what is going on in the body before I get the numbers in the different vital signs. It will help me to explain a little to the patients as well, if they asked about why their blood pressure is in that certain range, and things like that.
This is an excellent course that provides a great study of the vital signs. As someone with no medical background, I felt it was explained well and I understood the concepts. Dr. Scanga is an excellent professor who is clearly very knowledgeable and passionate about the subject.
its a really wonderful course, i learned too many things from this course. Special thanks to all who help in this course.Emad...from Ranya district, As Sulaymaniyah, Kurdistan, Iraq.Assistant lecturer at Nursing college / university of RaparinBachelor degree in community health.
As a young 19 years Old, who didn't remember anything about the heart i am definitely understanding and knowing more about the heart than i ever thought i could the teacher is a master at what she is doing, she understands her class and its never boring....BRAVO to the lecturer
This was a great course.  It was easy to follow, great questions, I found the directed notes especially helpful allowing me to fill in what I thought was important as I watched the lectures.  I enjoyed the simulations. I would love to see/hear more of the irregular examples.
A well-taught course on an important topic for all health care providers.  I really enjoyed the format of an informal lecture with the occasional demonstration.  Dr. Scanga is an excellent instructor. Shout of to her assistants, the students, and the guest speakers too!
Amazing class! I learned a lot of new information, and I’m glad I took the class! I liked how there were questions at the end of each lecture, questions at the end of each section, and application videos describing how to do certain skills (i.e taking blood pressure).
This was a great course for understanding what happens when you take a set of vitals.  Most importantly, the instructor, Dr. Scanga, is one of those teachers that you wish you had many years ago because today you might actually be a doctor or nurse... she's that good.
Enjoyable. Easy to follow and understand. Dr Scanga presents in a comfortable and well paced fashion the material and ideas. Great information and overview of a few of the major systems of the human body, how they function and how we can assess their state. Nice job.
Great course presentation and outstanding instructional methods. Supplements all other health-related MOOCs that I have taken very effectively. Will definitely take other online course offered by Dr. Scanga et al.  via University of Penn in the future. Thanks again.
The course was very interesting and enlightening, I learnt alot of things about the human body that i was not originally aware of. Professor Scanga was very thorough during the lectures. I am very much impressed and glad to have been a part of this  6-weeks journey.
It is very good to put the course in a seminar manner, which makes me feel like in a classroom and I liked it a lot. The demonstrations every week are also very helpful and comprehensive. This is a very good course and helped me learnt a lot basics about physiology.
I really enjoyed this class.  It was informative and interesting while also being entertaining.  A good course leaves you curious and wanting more and this course left me very curious...and feeling a bit smarter.  Thank you for producing such an excellent course.
Excellent introductory course to vital signs in the human body.  The real-live classroom format was different and appealing.  The lab demonstrations were very helpful.  The Professor did a wonderful job explaining every topic, particularly Metabolism.  Thank you!
Really helpful having the downloadable lecture outlines that I could print off and add notes to. I was able to fully concentrate on the lessons and keep learning, rather than being half-attentive while scribbling notes. Made it very time-efficient. Great course.
Dr. Scanga does an excellent job at explining the topic, so much so that it sounds even easy, the questions she poses to her sutdents helps you think out an answer and remember the information. The classroom setting also makes the class more engaging and fun.
I would say thanks to Dr.Scanga. I am a 2nd medical student in Australia and do this course on weekends. I really pick up some old knowledge and learn a lot of new stuff in this course especially about the pain part. Thanks for creating this wonderful course!
I've taken a lot of courses online, not only on this platform, and this one is by far the best and my favorite. I really wish there would be more courses on medical sciences and specially with Prof. Scanga teaching. She is just the best. Love from Venezuela.
Fantastic, well-taught introduction to human physiology! This course covered more topics than I thought it would with good detail and great explanations, and it has certainly encouraged me to learn more about the human body. Thanks for such a great course!
This course was probably the hardest to learn mentally. Took a lot of research and time into it t   actually pass it. Though I did learn a good portion. I loved the lesson about pain knowing what what types of pain their are and how the nerves senses them.
Such an amazing course! The instructor was incredibly clear and the lessons were well thought out. I like that we are able to watch the videos as many times as required to fully understand the content. This will be very helpful for my future. Thank you!
The course is great, it exceeded my expectations. The promised subject is very complete and reliable, apart from the fact that the classes are very didactic. I definitely recommend this course for students and nurses who want to update their knowledge!
One of the best courses I've attended on Coursera. Prof. Scanga explains everything clearly and creates calm, almost relaxing, atmosphere in which knowledge nearly effortlessly enters the mind. I would really love to attend another course made by her.
It was very informative. I have learnt many new concepts here that haven't been reviewed in my class previously. Especially Metabolism, Temperature Regulation and Pain have been extremely helpful. A must do course for anyone interested in health care
I really enjoyed the course. The lectures were engaging and easy to follow. I don't have a background in these topics but the course was very doable for me. I would definitely be interested in more courses from the same people expanding on this one.
I really enjoyed this course and the professor. I took it the summer after taking Animal Physiology at my university and it was like the perfect refresher! Also, I like the clinical applications presented, though I would have like to see even more!
I like this class because the instructor explains the information very well. I am using this as a refresher course and I definitely feel like I am learning a lot through her teaching. I would recommend this class to anyone that would be interested.
The Course Contents were really good and appropriate to understand for the distant / web learning. The Mentor was a really good person who knows how to take the sessions without glitches. Recommend this to the learning enthusiasts of their body !
I loved this course! She is an amazing teacher. I learned so much and look forward to taking more courses with Coursera. Professor Scanga explains the material in an approachable and professional manner. I would take any course offered with her.
I found this course to be pitched at a good level for someone who has interest but no background in the topic. I am now able to look at my personal vital signs, understand them and investigate discrepancies (via my doctor) with better knowledge.
the instructor is an amazing expert in professional experience as demonstrated by her ease in presenting difficult topics to allow students at all levels to feel safe they will be successful in achieving knowledge and skills in these complicated
This is a fantastic course to better understand vital signs, and should definitely be taught in all nursing programs.  Even though I've been an RN for many years, I've learned so much and have thoroughly enjoyed the way Dr. Scanga presented it.
This course gave me the information in a beautiful explanation of the  sophisticated details with a very special ans simple way .. I liked the quizzes they're very special and they're really measuring  the true understanding of the information
Would highly recommend this class for anyone. Professor Scanga is excellent and the format is always interesting. Lots of useful, well-explained information to be gleaned from this course, even if you are not going into the health profession.
ESTOY MUY CONTENTA POR LA OPORTUNIDAD QUE ME BRINDARON PARA LLEVAR A CABO ESTE CURSO!. LAS CLASES SON GENIALES Y LOS RESUMENES TAMBIEN LA DOCTORA EXPLICA TODO MUY A DETALLE Y DE UNA MANERA MUY ENTENDIBLE DE COMPRNDER LA FISOLOGIA DEL CORAZON!
Dr. Scanga is a fantastic teacher and her team's support makes this course extremely effective. I very much doubted my ability to pass this course but her explanations are clear and to the point, her pace and diction are perfect. Thank you.
The course was very informative. Professor Scanga is an excellent teacher. The in between clinical demonstrations really helped clear my concepts and will boost my clinical expertise. I am Med student and really benifitted from this course.
This is the best course I've participated in months. Connie Scanga is really a great instructor and I'm so glad I had the opportunity to have these classes with her and the other students. I'm so gonna miss this course. Thank you so much.
I have really enjoyed learning this course and I highly recommend it to everyone. The teacher is really kind and I like all additional material that we got. Also, I find quizzes really tough which is great because I actually learned a lot
This course is both very informative and well paced. The lectures are very interesting. The content is very understandable even for students such as myself who have no background in science or biology. This is the best course on Coursera.
Great course for a person who wants to get basics of the main body systems and functions. The videos are very informative and clear. Perfect learning start for medical students or person who wants to learn more about the human body.
I found this course to be very important in recognizing the vital signs and how to respond to them to take the necessary precautions to assist in possibly avoiding unnecessary death.Thank You to All of the instructors.Vera C Dillard
As a first year medical student, I feel ready and confident to deal with basic vital signs taking. Earlier this year we had sessions about Vital signs at school, I was lost. All thanks to Dr Scanga and colleagues, now I know a bit.
This was an excellent course! I deepened my understanding of some topics and learned new things like pain management strategies that I can teach my students. I loved the demos and the interviews with other healthcare professionals.
Useful and amazing! Thank you Dr Scanga and all your colleagues for giving us the powerful insight into how our vital organs work and what are the vital signs telling us. All the best to Pennsylvania State University from Croatia!
I did this course for my own self-development - I have a background in law and no prior experience in any medical-related courses. This was user friendly and I found the balance between challenging and understandable to be good.
Very informative and interesting course! Things are explained easily, so that yoou can understand and learn everything. The work of the professors that took part in the course is amazing. Great six-week module, that was awesome!
The course lets you know the common infornation about different anatomy system. It is quite easy to understand the processes and I waited for the each next lecture very much. Thanks to the course developers and production team!
thank you very much for adding this vital signs topic in the courser. It is very helpful and gave me very good understanding of the Vital Signs. Thank you Dr. Scanga for your great Explanation of all the topics in vital signs.
Dr. Scanga,Wow, you are totally amazing! I finished the course in one week because I was learning so much I could not wait for the next video.I was thinking about how interesting it would be to include a module on hot flashes.
This course really gave me a great overview of the human body and the things which happen within it every day. It was easy to understand and perfect for someone like me who hadn't had much previous knowledge of the human body.
Great course. My biology instructor recommended to us to take this course. This course was very interesting. I really enjoyed every minute I watched from start to finish. At last, well organized and well presented. Thank you
The course material was extremely interesting.  Dr. Scanga did a great job by turning a complex content into exciting and easy to understand material.Having a sense of humor did certainly boost the enjoyability of the class.
It was a nice experience for me...I am able to revised all the topics which I have completed in my high school (11th standard) ....Now I have learned how to use these knowledge in my upcoming journey in the medical world...
I really enjoyed the instruction from Connie B. Scanga, PhD. This is the first online class I have taken in years and I thought the set up was great, the tone was engaging and I feel the information was retained. Thank you!
Great course! I was able to extend my knowledge on the topics I thought I already have covered on my nursing classes. Thank you Dr. Scanga! It was pleasure to listen to your classes and hope to attend more of your lectures.
This course is a introduction into the vital signs with anatomy and physiological explanations. This course was informative and provided some cool insights that I had not previously considered. I really enjoyed this course!
Wonderful course. The content was passed in a thorough and competent way. The professionals have didactics and passion for what they teach. Time flew while I was learning. Extremely interesting. I recommend it to everyone.
In this course students are provided with excellent lectures and asignments which really help understand concepts related to vital signs of the body. A really good course for students interested in medicine and healthcare.
A very useful, informative and educational course. Dr. Scanga exceptional teaching skills eased the understanding of complex process and made the course interesting. I hope she provides us with many more courses like this.
Great Course! I really learned a lot. The lectures are very easy to understand and follow. I do hope they will have some follow up courses.  I have learned so much about detecting, recognizing and interpreting vital signs.
Clear, helpful professor, although pace can be a bit slow at times (you can just set the speed higher). The tests assess your knowledge well, and you get a good understanding of your vital signs. Overall, great course!
This is an example of how complex medical topics can be explained easily and understandably. The practical reference is of vast importance, while problems given in quizzes make one think thoroughly on the topic passed.
I truly appreciate the staff of the course and the administration of University of Pennsylvania for bringing such an important course for the learners. I highly recommend this course to every health care professional.
Dr. Scanga is an excellent and brilliant educator.  I finished the course feeling eager to come out of retirement to assess patients' vital signs, EKGs, and pain with my refreshed/newfound knowledge.Vicki Werner, RN
Thanks a lot, Dr. Connie; the course has been very informative and mind-opening--it has also whetted my appetite to learn more about the topic. You're the best, indeed!Thanks and best of regards in your endeavours!
After 15 years of experience in EMS and pre-hospital patient care, there was new information that I learned from taking this course. The professor was an expert in their field, and I enjoyed the course very much.
I thoroughly enjoyed Dr. Scanga's classes. I have known these things before but never have I learned these basics in such a wonderful way. If you're a med-student then I would definitely suggest you this course.
This was a very enjoyable course!! The only issues I ran into were a product of the terrible WiFi at my house. I love how thorough the lecture outlines were and how the quizzes were structured. Highly recommend!
I absolutely loved this course, so clear and lively. Dr Connie Scanga is a great teacher, she speaks clearly, she is engaging, she makes you want to know everything in the body! Thanks for offering the course.
Really good course on anatomy essentials. Great for those who want a general understanding of where everything in the body is situated and how they work without too much emphasis on the details in physiology.
Hello,My first online course at Coursera and I'm sure is not a last one. I did enjoy this course, all classes are very interesting & productive. Thank You very much for the opportunity! Best regards, Elvira
Very interesting topics and very well explained. The quizzes were also helpful to remembering and reinforcing certain concepts. Also helps us understand and appreciate how wonderfully complex our human ana
A really good course, nicely paced and with good explanations of the topics covered. The lecture format, with real students asking questions which prompted explanations, was nice.  Thanks for running this.
It has been such a wonderful journey with the time have spent learning this course. I have been able to refresh my mind and also expand my knowledge on all the key major topics of this course. Thanks again
The basic concepts about vital signs were explained very well. The session which i enjoyed the most was about the one on pain. I would recommend this course to all medical care professionals and students.
Dr.Scanga explained the material very well for general audiences. It is really helpful for me (an electrical engineering researcher) to get a much better understanding about the vital signs of human body.
The course is great. I 've learned more from it. The lessons are designed systematically and scientifically. The teacher are so cool and awesome.  Thank you for making the course. I like it very much.
Absolutely amazing course! I recommend it to anyone who is interested in basic Anatomy and wants to learn more! Totally great for beginners. Dr. Scanga is a great professor - I highly recommend!
It explained topics that I thought were too hard to even comprehend in a way that was simple to understand. It was really interesting, interactive and had everything I was looking for.Thankyou.
Best teacher ever, wish she had another course! Clear and easy to understand and when realized, she had introduced all important terms and made clear examples... Forums questions are responded.
Professor Connie was very clear, precise and informative in her approach to teaching students about the basics of vital signs. I hope she would continue to teach many more classes on coursera.
This was a great course! I decided to take it during the pandemic to pass the time. I am a former bio/pre med major, turned stay at home mom and it was a great reminder that I am still smart!
it was amazing experience to take this course the best part was the demos that taught me a lot. the teaching method and professors were amazing keep the hard working and keep enlighten people
The lectures start basic and build at a level that makes them easy to follow but also interesting. I really enjoyed week 6 about pain. I will look at pain completely differently from now on.
My friend and I did this course during the quarantine and loved it! It was a great use of our time and provided such detailed information that we will remember till we get to medical school!
Excellent course. Here I could learn a lot of information about the vital signs I did not know. Great explanations, and also a academic environment for making you feel like if you are there.
Excellent course. Very well structured material, resonabled paced, good presentation and student interaction during presentations. Useful guest/specialist feed back in application sessions.
It is really helpful , and Dr. Scanga  ease the hard topics and she has a very interesting way made me wish to be in her class , thank you for the opportunity you gave to me by this course.
Great course! Taught me a lot about how the body works as a system. The material can get complicated, but it's presented in a comprehensible and accessible way.Super useful and interesting!
I really enjoyed participating in the vital signs course.  It was a nice review of skills and additionally it provided me with another perspective for my approach as a healthcare provider.
This course disscuss very important topics of vital signs in a very comprehensive but immersive manner. I really like the explanations of Dr. Scanga and the interaction with the students.
It was so fun learning about the vital signs and what they mean. I am a beginner and have never learned about the body in such detail. It was an amazing source in which I learned so much.
excellent course.  I have tried to submit information to get my certificate but nothing seems to work.  Since I paid for the course can I at least get what my final grade was.  thank you!
Wonderful course, I enjoyed it a lot specially the first 4 weeks, but overall it's been an amazing learning and I would like to thank Dr. Scanga and UPEN for providing it. Best regards
I have just finished this amazing course, it really helps me to understand deeply about vital signs, so I can adapt them accurately to my patients. Thank you for providing this course.
Course was interesting and informative.  Instruction was outstanding!  All weekly lessons gave me insight into our medical community with some understanding of their world.  Thank you!
Amazing experience.Learnt a lot precisely.Dr .Scanga is one of the best professors ever.The way she explains is just fab.And the notes are also very clear.Best courses ever.Thank you.
This course has really helped understand our body a lot. With Prof. Connie Scanga's explanation I was able to understand the topics really well. I would highly recommend this course.
I do love this course, it contribute a lot to my knowledge and also help me to understand better with real examples.  Thanks a lot. I hope to be able to take the next ones to come.
It was an excellent intro to physiology grounded in practice, with great labs and case studies that forced you to think of patients and their health in meaningful and useful ways.
Thank You very much for this course. I have learned much about functions of human body and refreshed my knowledge. The course structure is great and Doctor Scanga is wonderful!
Great course. I already have a very good comprehension of the body functions and I think I am better prepared to understand, assess and decide what to do next with vital signs.
The course was extremely helpful and very well explained courses by Dr. Scangs and the crew. Very well put together in all. I wish there were more courses on similar lines...
Professor Connie B. Scanga is an excellent teacher; she makes me really understand what is happening in my own body. I recommend taking this course or any course she teaches.
I really enjoyed taking your course.     I just wish I would have actually taken a class where I need to be in class. I think that it would have been a lot more interesting.
Excellent course!  Dr. Scanga is very interesting and her pace is comfortable.  I strongly recommend this course to anyone interested in this sort of subject. Great job! :)
My friend and I took this course together while we have limited learning and extra time due to the quarantine. It was super interesting and I'm really glad I completed it.
One of the best online courses I have ever taken. The instructor too is really nice and the way she conducted the course was engaging as if I am in a classroom with her
Very good! Very clear explanation, easy to follow. Many thanks to the Prof and UPenn for creating this MOOC and offering it for free. A great contribution to Humanity.
I took this course because of interest in the subject. I found the material fascinating and well-presented. Thanks for a great resource and a fun learning experience!
This is the best course of all that I have binged on Coursera. The professor and teaching staff are both excellent teachers. Highly recommended for general learning.
It goes in to the exact kind of detail I wanted to and is thorough, well presented and well executed by a team of professionals, thank you for this wonderful course.
The teaching was very clear, step-wise, and thorough. The demonstrations were interesting and on topic.  I would be interested in other courses from this instructor.
Technically well done. Course is for beginners - if you read anything about human body and how it works, then this probably isn't for you ;) Quizzes are enjoyable.
LOVED THIS COURSE, DR.SCANGA HAS EXPLAINED EACH AND EVERY ASPECT BEAUTIFULLY. THE LECTURES AT THE SIM LAB WERE VERY USEFUL TOO. THANK YOU FOR THIS AMAZING COURSE.
Very well laid out and easy to follow using a classroom setting. Also found the mini multiple choice sections at the end of each session where very helpfully too.
I had so much knowledge with this course. It´s really incredible and Dr. Scanga is an absolutely great teacher. You definitely learn a lot with her in this course
I very much enjoyed the course and learned a great deal.  It was set forth in a way that I could employ my best approach, a rapid consumption of the information.
Detail explanation in anatomy of body system related to vital signs. Demonstration helps to have more clear picture in how to assess and provide care to patient.
I love this program, it has really enlightened me in the aspect of vital signs. I recommend it for everyone who wish to know what his/her body is telling him/her
This course has helped me boost my knowledge about the body and what it tells us . the quality of the course was great and everything was so organized . thanks
Professor Scanga together with her colleagues were exceptional instructors who knew how to lay the foundation for their students ! I really enjoyed her class !
The course is really useful. it's amazing the models that the professor implements, I loved the lab practices and the explanations. I really enjoy this course.
A must for everybody . A general understanding of how the body functions and how to interpret vital signs is very important for daily life . Excellently taught
Wonderful course! thoroughly enjoyed the instructor and the break down of information. I learned a lot and it all felt manageable. Highly recommend taking it.
This teacher is amazing, I really enjoyed the "live classroom" setting. The material was very informative and helpful for the current program I'm enrolled in.
Excellent course! It has greatly improved my understanding of the body's vital signs, which will help me in my career as an emerging healthcare professional.
Vital Signs is an eye opening and interesting course which I recommend for anyone interested in the functioning of the body and the overall health of people.
I have just finished attending the first week and it is amazingly explained! Congratulations to the tutors! I look forward to watching the following lessons!
really powerful course that includes all the essential contents which needed by all level of the nursing students as well as nursing professional. Thank you
Fabulous course. I really related to Dr. Scanga and her students. Learned a lot and enjoyed every video and quiz. I would take more courses with Dr. Scanga.
This course was magnificent. I learned an enormous amount of information and it was all clear and easy to understand. I am eternally grateful to Dr. Scanga.
I had a great time. Learned many things that I would have never learned had I not done this course. Dr. Scanga is a very very good instructor. Thanks a lot.
I learned so much in this course!  I found parts of it to be quite challenging, which is a very good thing.  Thanks to all involved for an excellent course.
Actually this course is the most beneficial course I had ever met in my journey as a medical student , thanks a lot coursera I am really grateful for you.
The teacher simplified the course to the ability or level of her students .excellent teacher ,very informative and simplified the terms and words she used
Is an interestign course in wich you can learn a lot of thing of phisiology, besides you can to think of simple diagnostics, and the english is very clear
It was a very interesting experience to learn more about our systems by Prof.Scanga...She is very elaborative n a very good explainer..thank u Coursera..
I originally enrolled in this course as a refresher and in the end I not only relearned key information but also information that I never received prior.
It was challenging and fun to do this course. I don't have any medical background but this course gave me great insight into some of our body functions!
This is a well organized course which gives us a lot of information about the vital signs. Thanks a lot to the Professor Connie Scanga and other tutors.
This has been an excellent tool for learning. Many thanks to Dr. Connie B. Scanga, PhD, she explains thoroughly. I would love to recommend this course.
It helped me in understanding how different body systems work, what does the different signs mean and what can be done in response to those vital signs
In depth and practical. The format of where users are able to sit in on the same lectures and labs attended by nursing students is great learning tool.
Absolutely loved the course! The first course of Coursera wherevI listened to every lecture. I learned a lot and can now apply my knowledge as an EMT.
Lots of detail in this course but really well explained, excellent course for all of those working in the Health industry or intending to , thank you.
Very informative and organized in a manageable way making it easier to understand the content. Enjoyed the course and the format presented very much.
It was a very productive and exciting course! Thanks a lot for your great job Dr. Scanga, Megan, and all who made this course such deep and helpful!
This course was very interesting and informative. I have learned a lot about vital signs and how to interpret them for myself and others. Thank you!
It's one of the best courses to get an overview of some of the systems in the body. And also helped me to reinforce my willing of studying medicine.
Instructor was very informative and made the material easier to comprehend with her demonstrations and use of props. I highly recommend this class!
It was a very didatic course with a global view about vital signs. I surely will recommend. Congratulations to Dr Scanga and all the collaborators.
It does really help us to improve our basics and alot of new things have been exposed and understood clearly with the help of such amazing faculty
This course was very fun! It contained so much great information and helpful information that I would recommend it to everyone! Thank you so much!
This course had been really beneficial for me.I got to learn more about metabolism, respiratory system and pain. Thanks to amazing course leader.
HELPED ME UNDERSTAND THE PROCESS WHICH MY BODY GOES THRU AN INJURE OR ANY PHYSICAL INTERNAL SITUATION WITH MY SYSTEM AND HOW TO EXPRESS HOW  FEEL
It was very nice!! I wanted more and more, it explains perfectly a bit of physiology in every vital sign, which is wonderful to know it that way.
Course material and content are detailed and on point.Great learning tool for student nurses and will be a good refresher for experienced nurses.
Dr. Scanga was delightful! I appreciated her expertise and the way she approached her way of teaching, very inclusive to the learner. Thank you!
Well organized and well presented. I felt that I had learnt a lot in this course, it was exactly as described and easy to fit into my schedule.
it was the good online resource for the students to study their interesting subject at last i am very thanks to coursera team for this content
I d Like to say many thanks for the great experience to all teaching stuff. Es[ecially to Dr.Scanga!Wish Your team great success to good luck!
i feel thankful about this course. vital signs examination is the most important part in physical examination. I updated my health information
Coming from a engineering background, this course gave a lot of insight into my own human body. #vital_things_to_know_about_yourself_literally
Great course if you are looking to learn more about the human body in your own time or if you desire to further your education in healthcare.
great for students & professionals. Gives a deeper understanding & explaining to what's going on and allows us to teach our patients as well!
Very engaging! Dr. Scanga teaches in a way that is very easy to understand. The demonstrations in between every lesson were also fascinating
I love how Dr. Scangga discussed the topics and how each lessons are delivered that is in slow understandable manner to a student.thank you.
Very nice balance of the functional clinical information and the physiology behind the data. Delivered in a pleasant and interesting format.
i learned many thing in this course with lots of knowledge. Thank you for this wonderful course and many doubt has clarified in this course.
This is an amazing course! Thank you so much for giving me this opportunities to learned so much about vital signs! I really appreciate it~
Very informative course on every vitals taken in any medical setting. I'm glad I've taken this course. The course was very straightforward!
Have really enjoyed this course and how it was presented. Dr. Scanga is fantastic and patient in her explanations of each topic. Thank you!
Excellent introduction with just enough information to give you a general idea of what is going on within your body and how it is assessed.
Learnt so much about my body. Although it is basic by medical standards, it opens the door and encourages myself to explore more in-depth.
Thank you so much for providing this course. This course helped me a lot. I got lots of new information. Hope this would help in my future
very informative course conducted in a simplified manner.Well conducted course and I have found it to be useful.Thanks and regardsGrewal
Very good course. Much more detail then I expected. Very helpful information for someone who hasn't been in a classroom for a long time.
This is really an amazing introductory course in order to understand the basics of vital signs and how they are physiologically related.
The course was a great introduction to human anatomy and physiology and the professor explained the different concepts very thoroughly.
Dr. Scanga explains with an easy-understanding and well-detailed information and examples. Looking forward for another course from her!
I took this course as a refresher and it served that purpose very well. I would like to see a specialization in this area. Nice course!
So informative and isn't boring at all. I like how it's set up like a classroom and there are lots of demonstrations for each lecture.
Dr Scanga is an amazing professor - she made the material easy to understand and explained everything slowly. A great course overall!
I really like how Connie teaches us about the heart and other various subjects. She is one of my favorite professors on this website.
A very exciting course. Simple, introductory level, but made me realize many relationships I was not aware of. 10/10 would recommend.
I really enjoyed this course. I loved the different demonstrations in the sim lab and the engagement with the students in the class.
I really love it sonce you can study and at the same time practicing and answering with the team wich is a great method of learning.
IT WAS GREAT STUDYING IN THIS CLASS WITH DR. SCANGA. LOVED THE WAY SHE TEACHES & HAMMERS CONCEPTS INTO YOUR BRAIN. WONDERFUL COURSE.
I learned so much from the comfort of my home and feel motivated enough to embark on a journey in medical studies. Thank you a lot!
I have gained so much from this course, the entire course was very informative and practical  and it is very productive. Thank you.
I learnt a lot specifically from Dr. Scanga. She's my favorite. I also like Natalie, too bad she disappeared mid-course. Hi Natalie
I'm so glad I've found this course! It is interesting and helpful. Dr. Scanga is the best teacher anyone could wish for. Thank you!
Exciting and very well taught, this course inspired me to pursue my dream career. I am very grateful for the experience as a whole
Really enjoyed the depth of knowledge this course provided. I was able to learn at my own pace and fit it around my work schedule.
Excelent, I love the way Dr. Scanga explains things and without too much audiovisual help.I´d like more deep review. Thanks a lot.
Super interesting and informative. I learned many new things. I loved the professor and will be taking more courses on coursera!
Excellent teacher, great comprehensive information for lay persons, or medical professionals wishing to brush up on information.
It was such an amazing course! It was incredibly straight forward and understandable.  I highly recommend this course to anyone.
Great course. Very interactive and easy to understand.Better take this course after you take biology or human physiology course.
Prof Connie lectures in a way that makes complicated information more digestable and memorable. Enjoyed the course throroughly!
The course is light yet enlightening, gives basics you need to know about vital signs and the systems behind it, and enjoyable.
It is an excellent course that helps you understand the basics of the vital signs physiology, anatomy and clinical application.
Dr Scanga is a great professor. She explains clearly and she knows how to use specific terms in a very easy way to understand.
EXCELENTE CALIDAD DE ENSEÑANZA. MUY BUENA PEDAGOGÍA. ME GUSTARÍA QUE TENGA TODAS LAS CLASES CON SUBTITULO EN ESPAÑOL. GRACIAS!
Brilliant.I did a first aid course recently and this elaborated on the reasons for things being taught in a first aid course.
This is probably one of the best of courses on Coursera. Dr. Scanga is an exceptionally good teacher.Thanks a ton Dr.Scanga.
I love Dr Scanga's clear explanation of all the topics that we learnt throughout these 6 weeks! Thank you UPenn & Coursera!
Excellent course! Thank you very much Dr. Scanga and other instructors and participants for this great course. Very useful!
The handouts were extremely helpful for following along and reviewing the concepts later on.Very clear instructional style.
Great resource for beginners. Would love further courses to be taught by Dr. Scanga who is extremely clear & very engaging.
I have truly enjoyed this course.  I have also learned quite a bit about vital signs.  Thanks to those who put it together.
This course has been really helpful.  i learned so much and it has improved my knowledge in aspects relating to the heart.
Clear, easy to understand and moves at a good pace. I enjoyed studying about the vital signs and would like to learn more!
Wonderful course, so well done in all its contents and videos. Clear and useful in all its parts. Prof Scanga is terrific!
This was an amazing course. I think that the format is directed to anybody who truly wants to learn. Thank you so much!!!
Very helpful course! Goes into detail with everything and the use of medical terms will definitely help me in the future.
The course is great for students and also to review anatomy, physiology and vital signs. I highly recommend these course.
Great course for Allied Health students getting ready to starts clinical rotations and need to review a couple of topics.
The course gave a very insightful and thorough overview of vital signs. I was pleased with information and presentation.
Awesome, a great course to learn about  simple vital signs... Also, to improve the medical vocabulary. I enjoyed a lot.
Its a great learning opportunity to know more about body, in a very short period of course. complete and authentic info
It was an amazing course. It started off from basics and went into enough detail to understand the physical phenomenon
I enjoyed the course very much. It give a good insight on vital signs and what is happening during care provider visit
Very interesting and informative. The nice pace with questions at the end of each video to memorize better. Thank you!
excellent for beginner or pro.  Dr. Scanga explains things thoroughly and clearly. Is excellent teacherPauline Bennett
Well prepared, good recording, great questions at the end of each video. The material could be a little more in depth.
Very clear, precise and easily -understandable explanations from Dr. Scanga and the instructors! I enjoyed it a lot!
Thank you for giving me financial aids so that I can able to join this course. I’ve learned a lot about vital signs.
I have great experience to have this very valuable knowledge. Thank you very much, Prof. Scanga. Thank you, Coursera
The lectures were set at a thorough pace and weren't too long, so you could understand the concepts piece by piece.
I loved this course. I have Biomedical Science Bachelor, and it was amazing to remember all these thing!Thank you!
Professionally presented and an enjoyable way to begin to learn about the marvelous complexity of the human body.
Extremely interesting, well-structured and valuable. Also complimented and expanded prior study of neuroscience.
good basic review of understanding about our body parameters. specially useful for nursing and paramedical staff
Instructor was very easy to understand and she was excellent in explaining different areas and giving examples.
I think this class is extremely helpful and useful, thank you the school and the website to provide this class.
I love it!! Dr Scanga, you are AMAZING!!Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us!!Wishing you all the best!
This is a very good introductory course. Hope the school expands this MOOC program to other human body systems!
Connie B. Scanga  is the best
lector! Thank yo very much. Also I really appreciate you practice demonstration.
Very interesting. Learned a lot. Explanations are clear. And the way the course is given is really great! Than
Excellent course, have learned a lot from it. I enjoy this kind of course and it's a good choice for everyone.
Great review of vital signs. I especially appreciate the review of the cardiac anatomy and conduction system.
I really enjoyed this course. It was the perfect amount of detail and Dr. Scanga was an excellent professor.
loved this course.  I would suggest this to anyone that is looking for knowledge or interested in healthcare
I enjoyed this course very much! Dr.Scanga breaks everything down for everyone to understand. Learned a lot!
Incredibly educational and engaging course! Thank you  professor Connie B. Scanga and the rest of the team.
I love the course & the way of teaching ... I enjoyed learning as it improves my concepts about Vital Signs
Thorough and useful information presented in a hands-on, practical manner. I very much enjoyed this course!
This course helped me understand some of  very beneficial terms that will help me in my academic progress.
Incredible professor, perfect pace, very educational! Best online course I've ever come across. Thank you!
Excellent course, well structured  and explanation is lucid and clear.Useful for medicos and para medics.
I´m 16 years old this was a verry well explained course, I really enjoied it and  im glad that I took it.
It was explained in a manner that could be easily visualized and comprehended. Thank you Dr.Connie Scanga
Lectures were excellent and easy to follow. The content also gave me a great insight into the human body.
Great course to learn about what you will be accessing patients on in the future of your medical career.
EXCELLENT course. I learned a lot. I like the subjects, the references and ALL discussions and examples.
This is a very illustrative course!And the quizz goes directly to the point! The teachers are note ten!
Excellent course. Really enjoyed it with all the lab demonstrations and the various examples provided.
It is an excellent course and perfect for people who have an interest in human anatomy and physiology.
I enjoyed the course. Great for people at introductory level like me... Thanks for sharing knowledge!
Very informative and very helpful in beginning to understand important and essential body functions.
Great Course! I would certainly would recommend to anybody who is interested in healthcare courses.
I learned so much in this course.  Loved it!  I can definitely understand signs my body is sending.
Very informational! Good packaged and not that impossible to grasp.Tests are fair and well written.
Thank you so much Dr. Scanga, the course was such a great opportunity and I learned a lot from it!
Very informative, educative & well explained..... Interesting demonstrations... Well organized...
One of the clearest and most engaging MOOCs I've taken - thank you! Professor Scanga is terrific.
Loved Dr. Scanga's, and the other professor's, lectures very much. Not only informative, but fun!
I loved dra, Sacanga!!! Thanks so much, was very pleasant to learn with you, keep it that way :)
it was realy a nice experiance i am so glad that i was able to get this course and so thankfull
These teachers are amazing. I wish they were my teachers when I was studying biology at school.
Thank you Dr. Scanga. "Vital Sign" is great and I learn a lot. Waiting for the next course.. :)
Professor Scanga clearly knows the material and how to successfully relate it to the students.
Dr.Scanga explains everything really well and the course overall is very easy to understand!!
Very informative and well done, I would love to have more repetition through out  the course.
I Loved it! I wish there were more vital signs taught but the material was taught perfectly!
Great course, very helpful for a better understanding of the systems driving the human body.
Covers the basics and explains everything really well. Don't get down in unnecessary detail.
Thanks for the great course. I learn a lot from this course to apply in my sports coaching.
Excellent teachers and make the understanding of the human body and signs really aprochable
A great chance to review the basics of vital signs. Recommended for those who need to study
It's a great course. We learn many things about the life function with a look into a body.
I thoroughly enjoyed this class.  Dr. Scanga does a fantastic job covering the material.
Great teacher!! The material was easy to follow and learn.. Absolutely loved this class!
I loved this video. Thank you sooo much for letting me learn with you, I appreciate it .
i  enjoyed the course it is very informative and i have gained a lot as medical student.
Loved it!! Super engaging, the topics were extremely interesting and I loved the demos.
Great course! I very much liked this concept where students where involved in the class
i very  like this video and the explication is so  great ! thaks a lot professor Scanga
Dr Scanga did an excellent job reviewing key information and making it easy to digest.
This course is very useful.I came to know the body vital functions through this course
Very interesting and well taught course. Would recommend if interested in such topics.
I loved this course, and I really have learned a lot. Thanks for making that possible.
I think this course is good opportunity to get the knowledge of the clinical Basics...
This course was very well explained by the instructors. Material was very interesting.
Excellent course. Very clear and professional explanations. Quality content. Thank you
I enjoyed learning in this course and I know it will help me in my nursing practice.
Great. It is giving me an insight to our body in a very plain way. Easy to follow...
it has manythings about anatomy and phisiology so you can understand about medicien.
It's very informative and easy to follow!!! The professors explain the course well.
Very professional and focused on easy learning Ms Scanga has real talent to teach .
this is amazing course!! i learned the importance of the vital signs and how works.
Hi,I am Arlin George, I would like to thank you for giving such a wonderful course.
Excellent review with updates since I went to nursing school! Love the instructor!
I really enjoyed this course , I would do it again ! thank you very much Connie xx
it is an excellent course i have ever taken. thank you for such an amazing course.
Very good class. I really enjoyed it because I am interested in this type of field
This was a awesome course, i enjoyed the lessons and material as well as the labs
It’s a very beautiful course. It made me more vast in my knowledge of vital signs
Nice course, quite extensive on some weeks, had diffuclty viewing all the vídeos.
Highly reccomended course, as for nurses, so and for others health care providers
Great course! Very informative. I now have a basic understanding of Vital Signs!
The course helped me confirm my interest in pursing a nursing career! Thank you!
Really enjoyed it, was very useful. Learned a lot and would recommend to anyone.
I think it is fantastic, very absorbing, interesting  . presentation is so good.
There was so much to learn from this. This wont be a waste of time. Must do it!
It´s a very interesting course with lots of examples, whicha are very clarifyng
Very useful course, I enjoyed it very much and DR.Scanga is amazing. Thank you
this course is relly good for everybody who want to be a physician or nurse...
its a great learning experience very clear explanation  ,very excellent course
Two words to describe this course: Amazing and Useful. It will help you a lot.
I enjoyed it a lot. I think the information is really interesting and useful.
This course has widen my knowledge in Vital Signs and how to work on patient.
Thank you so much to make it so understandable for me. I really enjoyed it :)
i think this course is very interesting and useful for students and doctors.
good course i have ever seen thanks to coursera for giving this in your list
i really liked this course its more understandable smart thanks to professor
It was a great experience & I had a lot of fun & knowledge during the course
This course is AMAZING! Feel so privileged to learn from it. Great material!
Very informative and helpful for basic and yet important medical activities
Excellent course! I will recommend it to all my colleagues!Thanks a lot!!!!
Easy to understand in short videos.  Prof. Scanga explains the topics well.
Thank you. I had a great time relearning the basics and fundamentals again.
Excellent course!!! More informative, perfect materials and demonstration.
I really like the course and it refreshes what I had learnt in university
For now, I'm so interesting and happy ti join this professional course.👌
I am a Physical Therapist, so it was really good to review some subjects.
Very detailed and interesting. Highly recommended. Dr. Scanga is awesome.
All the information provided is of much benefit for our heath knowledge.
This is an amazing course. I recommend it to anyone in the health field.
I enjoyed the course taught me a lot to apply to my medical aspirations.
This course was exceptional. Extremely detailed and very well explained.
A simple and quick introduction to understanding common medical symptoms
The course was very interesting for me as for a beginner in the subject
Excelent Teacher, Dr Connie Scanga. BIG Thanks! Great multimedia stuff.
very in-depth and complete. I enjoyed the challenge of the assignments.
Learned a lot. Excellent are the content organized and the instructors.
My special thank to Dr. Scanga and her team for this wonderful course!
this is an excellent course to understand the normal basic processes.
I really enjoyed the information presented and it was easy to follow.
It was one of the best and informative courses i've took on coursera.
Amazing course! I learned so much, and the professors were the best.
Different perspectives, very interesting and informative! Thank you!
It was a very useful and practical course . Thank you Prof. Scanga.
It is helpful to learn these knowledges as a power lifting trainer.
It was a really fun course to take and contained great information!
It do help me a lot in the learning about essential signals. Thanks
Doing the course as a summer activity, had lots of fun! Thank you!
Great way to learn more about vital signs or even just the basics.
Thoroughly enjoyed the course. Was not too heavy and overwhelming.
Thorough course to understand what the body is telling us and how.
very useful for a medical student , I gained a lot of information.
i totally enjoyed every bit of the classes.thanks dr connie scanga
Very informative, easy to understand, and well made presentations.
great introductory course, loved the demonstrations and interviews
A brilliant introductiin. You have sparked my interest. Thank you!
As a medic, what I learnt here will be used in my day to day work.
A very informative and important course for anyone. Thanks a lot!
As a nursing student, this course is very helpful and insightful!
It was absolutely amazing. One of the best courses I've followed!
very useful to us. i learned so many details. thank you very much
Amazing Course - well detailed and thorough. Ideal for beginners.
This was a great course to take and a lot to learn from as well.
Excellent Class!!! Really help me understand vital signs better.
Excellent course! Information well presented and easy to retain.
It is a wonderful course that teaches me physiology and anatomy.
Excellent course, You will learn everything you need about V.S.
I really enjoyed the course. THANK YOU SO MUCH, Professor Sanga
Great class, easy to follow and great breakdown of information
Excellent content. I thoroughly enjoyed this course.Thank you.
One word... Thanks Dr. Scanga for your brilliant teaching way.
A great quick introduction. Must attend for every human being!
Thoroughly enjoyed the way this course has been put together.
Lecture videos are very good at helping to learn key concepts
Great information that helps me to understand my body better.
very engaging material and lecturers. Very enjoyable course.
Very good course for a layman to learn the essential basics.
Prof Scanga was brilliant.  I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
Wonderfully and very clear structured and taught. Thank you!
Happy to understand deeply how my body works! Thank you 🙏💕
Basic, but excellent course to star to study the human body.
Amazing course. Awesome teacher and great methods! Loved it!
i really had fun with this course, and i also learned a lot
I am looking forward to having more sequel courses of this.
Thank you so much!! Learned a lot!! again here on Coursera.
this course was really instructive and complete! I loved it
Very well structured material and extraordinary instructor
It was a very practical and informative course, thank you.
excellent recap on all the important basics to vital signs
Great basic understanding of what's going on in your body.
Excellent teaching and presentation of difficult concepts.
So recommended! Excellent material, very clear and useful.
Brilliant professor Connie Scanga! Very interesting course
Excellent course, I recommended it to all my colleagues!!
Simple explanation for most essential and complex concept
Very informative course..... I'm actually learning a lot
Great Course! for a beginner in the world of Human Body.
I really did understand his course. And also enjoyed it!
the course was so helpful and useful. Naomi was so cute
Probably the best online course that I have taken, yet.
Very interesting and exciting even if not in the field.
Very good as a reminder and useful for medical students
Great course and a amazing introduction to vital signs
Well structed course, a new way to see the body signs.
Thank you for enlightenment you gave me, Dr. Scanga!))
There`s very useful course, with very simple teaching
great set up and pace. VERY pleased with this course!
Best lectures format I have experienced on Coursera.
I really enjoyed this course and learned so much!!!!
Now I understand what the body is telling us.... :-)
very nice dr connie...liked the efforts and contents
It's really interesting and great thing. Thank you!
very educational and doesn't take much time at all
the course is wonderful and the didactic is great.
Very well explained, concise, and easy to follow.
LOVED it and Dr. Scanga! Would recommend to all !
Awesome course Which increase my diagnosis skills
It sure was a great refresher after over 40 years
loved all the information and speed of the course
Great course, very informative and comprehensive.
It is a great course. I really enjoy it. Thanks!!
I really enjoyed this course. It was interesting!
This was so useful for me , thank you so much ♥️
Thanks for your great way to provide information
Very well crafted course. Instructor is awesome.
Great course for the first year collage student.
Easy and fun to learn actually. Very informative
These are wonderful cours and wonderful teacher.
Dynamic Lecturer. Awesome outline and resources.
Thanks a lot!! Amazing course, helps me so such!
great course . very professional and educational
I learned a lot about Vital Sign I never knew!!!
I want my certificate that i finished the course
Detail information that everyone needs to know.
This course is amazing！I learned a lot from it!
A course that helps comprehend the vital signs.
it´s wonderfull, congratulations to Mrs Scanga.
Excellent course! Professor Scanga is the best!
Very good explanations of the Vital Signs. :-)
Connie B. Mam thaku mam give tihis appurnity .
Great course for novice and professional alike
Great! Heart stuff.... It's the center of life
The content is useful and easy to understand.
it is so interesting and helpful , enjoyed it
Great course. Very well presented. Thank you.
Informative with hands-on clinical knowledge.
This information will serve me for a lifetime
Thank you for the lessons, Professor Scanga.
It's so very instructive. Thank you so much.
it,s very good the course name vital sings.
Great course. Very insightful and relevant!
Easy to understand. A well organized class.
Great info and presentation format. Thanks.
That was very fantastic and I learned much.
that is the best course about vital signs.
Great and valuable information and lesson.
Nice course. Very interactive and helpful.
Very well organized and explained content.
I loved it! It took me a week to complete!
The course was awesome. Loved the content
good course for understanding vital signs
Really interesting and great presentation
Haf fun. Learned a lot. Love Dr. Scanga.
this is amazing course .. thanks courser
Lots of information. Interesting course.
Very good overview about the vital signs
Really easy to understand and complete!
Enjoyed every minute. Very informative.
REally informative, thank you so much.
Thank you so much I have learned a lot
It was great to remember these topics!
very practical classes and information
I thoroughly enjoy the lessons. Thanks
excellent explanation of the material
Informative and well planned. Thanks.
amazing course, super clear material!
is very important and a nice lecture.
Great Course. It has taught me a lot.
It was an exciting and amazing course
This is great .. helpful.. thanks all
I found this course very interesting
very useful course for understanding
I've learned so much in this course.
very precise and clear lecture video
Great course! I liked it so much <3
one of my exciting learning process
Perfect... Many thanks from Brazil.
It was great! Thank you sooo much.
amazing course and helped me a lot
Valuable, interesting, challenging
comprehensible and well explained
perfect length and good lectures!
The best course I have ever tried
Thank you for this great course!!
i am very happy with this course
Wonderful experience of learning
Super! Proffesor Scanga - super!
This course was very informative
I enjoyed the course, thank you!
Was a great learning experience.
Very helpful and informational!
very useful for  basic learners
This is a great course. Thanks!
Excellent course very thorough
Thankssss!!!!! Awesome course
very helpful, I learned a lot
Really nice work.Very helpful
Absolutely LOVE THIS! AMAZING
loved learning something new
Powerful dose of knowledge !
outstanding way of teaching
Excellent in every aspects!
Awesome course :) thank you
Well understood! Thank you!
The professor was amazing.
ExcellentGreat information
Pretty Good & very useful！
very interesting course..
Great, interesting course
Its is very much helpful.
it was a very good trial
That teacher is perfect.
Super!Good luck!Galleyr!
Very good thing to learn
Would live a certificate
IT IS a fantastic course
thanks alot dr. Scanga ♥
fairly good for learing
very easy and enjoyable
Really helpful, cheers
Very much appreciated
Great revision course
Very clear, thank you
It is great. Thanks.
I love the lecturors
a wonder full course
It is just amazing!!
Really Really good.
Very great Course.
very good teacher!
very enthusiastic
AWESOME, Thanks
very good corse
great professor
great  course!
thanks so mach
Great course!!
very useafull
I Luke couse
So usefully.
Great review
Really Great
