Not as informative as I had hoped.
For a paid course, I am not satisfied that it is peer graded and further, the Certificate seems to have no value. It was my intention to complete a the entire suite but I have since changed my mind. I am the holder of several Diplomas and Certificates from International Compliance Association and STEP. I was of the opinion that these would be similar but the American version.  But of course, had I read the Terms of use, I would have determined this before proceeding so I will take the blame for my disappointment.If you have any serious certification please guide me to these.
Too little content make it more like a brief introduction than a class.
My first course on Coursera, and it was a breeze. The instructors are great and the videos are well put together! I wish there was more visual tools for me to learn by and not just video, as I tend to be more of an audio/visual learner and found the layout to be repetitive. I did love the videos and the occasional news stories relating to the particular topic we were studying at hand. I've learned so much more about compliance and feel more confident to talk about it with my co-workers when I apply for an internal position.
I enjoyed the course.  I like the lecture style of the instructors.  I wish the videos were longer so I wouldn't have to click on so many to watch, but the content was good.  It's a good introduction to compliance.
Besides mateiral is very good, I missed human interaction. Discussions among participants were limited to minimum required to finish tasks and I didn't see instructors making comments or encouraging participation.
Great breadth of knowledge covered in the course, offering a solid foundation for compliance. Very interesting and relevant examples across multiple industries to provide insight on compl
I really liked the course, it was very enlightening. I would like to have some interaction with teachers inside and outside the course, by email for example.
I recommend to integrate more than one case / task to be completed. This would help to adopt the theoretical gained knowledge into practise.
I really aprecciated as a introductory course, really clear, direct and I didnt have any language problem. Wish that was longer !
No new information I learned. Hoping for the next course of this specialization to be more exciting and relevant.
Great introduction and useful insights
Very much informative
This course answers all the questions i had in mind before begining the course. Learnt a lot and will continue building on what i have learnt thus far. Great Course.
Lecturers are just amazing.Readings are interesting and related to the course.Questions  are helpfulCourse is pretty simple thou
This course was well done and the professors/videos were engaging. The accompanying transcript made it convenient to study when listening to the entire video was not an option at a given time. I fell into the field of compliance without knowing more than "compliance is adhering to laws and regulations" without knowing all of the areas that encompass compliance, including risk assessment and risk management. So, this was great for me. The fact that I can earn a certificate makes it all the better as I enhance my job skills and make myself more marketable for the job scene. Thank you!
This course was very informative, and after such a long time, the risk profile assessment really opened my eyes and made me think outside the box. I also enjoyed doing peer reviews because they were very insightful.
If you want to learn but not have to worry about grades, this is a great course! I learned a lot that I will be able to take back to my company and apply to my current position.
The course is presented very well to understand what compliance is and thanks to the lecturers that provides excellent explanations as well as the cases studies that give an overview that what they are referring to.  Excellent introduction to understand compliance!
A good overview into the roles and functions of compliance, with useful materials and resources of where to go to further your education beyond the specialization.  Being a US university, they do have a US and UK focus on regulations and laws discussed.
I got to have a better perspective of compliance and its role in the business environment. The instructors are well conversant and will enrich you.I would highly recommend this course.
I really love this course. It is so well structured and easily understandable. I just want a mix of more examples of Compliance issues across the world to allow for direct relations.
This course is extremely important to the creation of an accountable culture in the economy and I feel it is highly worth taking. I am looking forward to the other 3 in the series.
Great course! Provides an overview of what is compliance and clarifies various topics for people who are seeking more knowledge over the subject.
This is an good intro class for compliance. It covers the most common compliance topics and indutries with good examples.
A great introduction to compliance!
Learning about Regulatory compliance is an excellent enlightening certificate course anyone should opt for. It gave me a better understanding of the subject and it was an interactive learning session, as it also gave us a chance to discuss the topic in threading comments. which helped me to gain knowledge of compliance in broadspectrum in different fields. Lastly, I understood how important it is to maintain Compliance in any organization and institutions.
I really enjoyed the course: What is Compliance? Professors had the ability to develop excellent content, activities and tests that provided me with a great capacity for critical, analytical, systematic and complex reflection on the importance of Compliance not only within the financial market sector, but in the relevant attitudes and decisions that we must elaborate and implement in our own personal lives.
Instructors are extremely knowledgable and highly experienced.  The course met its objective by providing enough material to give the student an overview of what compliance and risk are, different types, impact and how organizations can take steps to reduce.   The key takeaway is the change in how organizations view the importance of compliance today versus a decade ago.
I thought the MOOC was very good. Teachers demonstrated great knowledge. The difference was the capacity for critical vision in each class, I was impressed that in addition to the incredible didactics in relation to the method for compliance, they also demonstrated great scientific knowledge, which helped a lot to enrich the course. I really appreciate the opportunity.
The Course is a great learning experience for anyone interested in understanding the Fundamentals of Compliance. The teaching methodology is very nice and refreshing. I pay my sincere regards and thanks to the Faculty of this Course Andrew Kandel and Lauren Steinfeld for your sharing your insights and experience with us in the Field of Compliance.
The course was very helpful and I took the course to leverage myself in the compliance field as well as to increase my knowledge in this area. It offered a different perspective and I appreciate how the learning material spoke to the various areas of compliance across different businesses.
I received a better understanding of the importance of compliance. Why an organization that does not prioritize compliance is doomed to heavy penalties. I would recommend this course to anyone who's uncertain or need to grasp a better understand.
Excellent introductory taste of Compliance, with engaging lecturer and course content.  Though, as a new learner, instructor/professor-reviewed versus peer-reviewed projects would truly be insightful and more beneficial for students.
The course allows the student to learn or review the fundamentals of Compliance, and motivate the student to continue learning with the specific courses of this subject. I enjoyed it very much, and will continue the learning.
The teachers of the course provide specific information on the issues studied. Good diction, posed voice and interesting examples from links to third-party sources are only real facts as educational examples. Fine!
The course helped me a lot to have a more comprehensive perspective of Compliance.  Deep content, with several reading guidelines and suggestions for further study.
Very informative course with real occurrences as examples! I highly recommend this course! The instructors are very knowledgeable!
Thank you so much for sharing your know-how. course much appreciated and definitely recommendable.Best regards from Zurich,Chris
Great way to begin understanding compliance at a basic level which leads into the other three courses in the specialization.
Amazing course, I have learned alot on the relevance of compliance and how companies need to give it utmost importance.
Excellent! I learned valuable knowledge and skills, and I look forward to completing the specialization certification.
It was an exciting learning experience. This course is perfect to start a bath of learning in the filed of compliance.
Excellent course and great instructors. Highly recommended for those that need to know more about compliance!
As someone with a lot of experience in compliance, I find the structure and delivery methods very meaningful
It was indeed an amazing and knowledgeable course and has made curiosity to build capacity in the field.
It really is an excellent course with clear and assertive information. I will definitely recommend it.
This course provided a very well-thought-out overview of Compliance for someone entering the field.
Nice course. It's satisfying to get knowledge by people who really have experience on these fields.
This is an amazing course in compliance.  the temperament, knowledge and teaching styles makes this
My first course on this platform, thoroughly enjoyed it. Well presented and well put together.
The course is very organized and summarized the relevant aspects of what it means compliance.
Super helpful! This course provides you a general idea about compliance and the risk concepts
Great introductory course and great lecturers. Maybe the tests could be more difficult.
Very good course to understand the fundamentals of compliance. I highly recommend it!
great content to cement to cement a better understanding of compliance principles
Concise introduction to the concept, paving the foundation for further study
Course was a great review.  I loved the curriculum and the instructors!
Great course for introduction to compliance and relevant basic concepts
The course is perfect. The instructors are top. 100% recommended
Good Intructors. It should be classified "beginners". Thank you
An excellent opportunity to start about the compliance world
It is a practical, didactic and effective course. Thank you
Fantastic introduction to the growing field of compliance.
The content is interisting and teachers were very clear.
It is simply obeying the laws that regulate a company
Such a great course and plenty of useful information
The course  gives the basic knowledge of compliance
Great course. Highly recommend to devote your time.
Excellent course, with many practical insigh
i love and enjoyed every bit of this course
Clear, concise and very useful. Thank you!
Great foundational course on Compliance.
Great Course. Essentials are covered.
The course is rich and well delivered
Excellent course with information!
Great intro to risk and compliance
Perfect to understand the basics
I feel Greatful for this course.
Great Course! Amazing lecturers!
very informative and practical
Best course ever !!! Amazing..
It was interesting and useful!
GREAT COURSE, VERY INSIGHTFUL
Amazing course on Compliance!
Very insightful and engaging
It was great experience.
Useful and interested.
fun and interesting
Really Excellent
Great Mooc
