Being the Simulation Specialist for our center and not the Manger or Educator/Facilitator I found some sections of the course to be dry and boring. It felt like I was listening to a power point. Visual stimulation would have benefited this course greatly. Using b-roll of videos, photos, and materials would make this course  a lot more engaging. The last section on SPs had cut-to videos during the presentation which I liked and helped the information I was learning soak in.
The course was very informative and helped give me a starting point for my simulation journey. The content could have been delivered in more ways though. It was difficult to stay focused and motivated with just the video lectures. More interactive content and different learning styles could have been more helpful with engagement and learning.
This was a good overview and intro to Simulation. A good course to point someone to who is very new to Simulation.
A lot of content.  Easy to understand formal.  Engaging.  Many applicable concepts that I will take to our brand new simulation program.  May also be useful for me to access same content at a later date once we actually get our sim program started.
I enjoyed the course and hearing from the experts in their fields. SImulation has so many topics, I don't think  Standardized Patients needed it's own module. It might have been incorporated within another module. There should be contact hours upon completion.
Excellent course by top notch nursing professionals and experts in clinical simulations. I highly recommend for all level learners. Definitely worth the time and effort to complete the modules.
This course was truly informational and comprehensive regarding simulation. The only comment I have is that some of the information is repetitive from one speaker to the next. Great tutorial!
I wish there was more information related to other clinical simulations than just nursing and medical students. I learned a lot especially with regards to standardized patient development.
The instructors not looking at the camera the whole time was kind of weird and this course state that it is Simulation across the Health Professions, but
Some resources such as template in course 7 were not available. Also the possibility for outline of the modules for note taking would be very helpful.
Course was filled with important information, especially someone like me who has only been in the field for 3 months.
Very difficult to find or access materials referred to in the videos. Otherwise, great content well presented.
This course provided several opportunities to engage in discussions and learn from different experiences.
This was a thorough and professional presentation of the many pieces of the big picture of simulation.
Great information and very convenient!  Will definitely recommend this to my simulation team members.
This course was very informative and challenging even if you are a seasoned Simulation Team member.
Great overview of sim and highly recommended to anyone new to the field as a broad introduction.
There was some significant repetition in the course. All information was helpful. Thank you!
NIce, broad overview of simulation. There were a few broken links that need to be updated.
Great information.  Would benefit from increased variability of presentation.
Veryu detailed and beatifully constructed.
This course completely renewed, reviewed, & refreshed me on all I thought I knew, didn't know & now know, after the course, with a far greater understanding of the world of Clinical Healthcare Simulation! This is a wealth of vital information from SIMULATION EXPERTS!  Thank you so much for offering such a program of this caliber with the expertise of "Master Educators of Simulation" ... WOW!! THANK YOU FOR THIS EXCELLENT EVIDENCED BASED PRACTICE COURSE.
Great information to use as we start up our simulation program
This was a great course to familiarize myself to the process of simulation. I appreciate all the details and components of the process that help to make simulation such a great learning methodology.
This was a great overview. I really appreciated the introduction in the role of the SP educator and all of the resources to gain knowledge about the role.
42/5000


I´m very pleased to take the course. 



42/5000


I am very pleased to take the course
Excellent review of the most important aspects of medical simulation.  Leaders in the field give succinct information.  Valuable links are used to describe to learners in this course the latest in the theory behind using simulation as a teaching/learning tool.  Standards of best practice are reviewed.  Discussion and short assessments require the learner to work to understand the content. Assessments can be taken as often as needed to score 80%. The entire lesson can be downloaded and reviewed to help with retention and with answering assessment questions.  I recommend this course to anyone involved in medical simulation.
As a vendor of simulation equipment with years of experience and internal company training, this course helped me understand the simulation experience from the perspective of the simulation director/manager/educator.  The various aspects of simulation have given me invaluable insight on how I can best comprehend and help my customers achieve their objectives from planning, budgeting, training, implementation and assessment.  Wonderful course!
this course is so great, I learned a lot on how to design and run a simulation, I appreciate your efforts in putting this great content and thanks for allowing us to download videos and text copies of your presentations, most of the exam were challenges and tricky which motivates me to read and listen carefully to the lectures, thank you so much, looking forward to attend similar courses in the future
This seven week course provided me with a wealth of information including 7 key areas that expanded my knowledge base considerably. The instruction was presented with a palatable approach and over a time frame that was very workable with my schedule. A special thanks to the faculty for sharing their expertise in the various components of simulation pedagogy.
This course a wonderful foundation in the many aspects of healthcare simulation education.  I enjoyed seeing some of the gurus of simulation present the videos.  I particularly appreciated the section on debriefing.  I also learned about standardized patients about which I knew very little.  Thank you so much  for this enriching course.
Essentials in Clinical Simulations Across the Health Professions, is just right for me and for the front line workers of the refugee operations beside medical personnel. It really create high value for personal and community based approach.
This course is an excellent and up to date review of all aspects of simulation. The iNACSL standards of best practice are reviewed. Best of all, it is free and accessible! Thank you very much to the authors of this MOOC.
This was an excellent course. It solidified what I already knew and taught me a great deal about things I did not really understand such as strategic planning and the standards for simulated patients.  Thank you!
This course was extremely helpful for the beginner to learn information about clinical simulations. The content was easy to follow and the quizzes were a great assessment. I enjoyed this class!
Great review and a very well done course! I would recommend to all simulation healthcare professionals.
The course was great. Helped me grow and understand the concepts and patterns of Clinical Simulation.
I found the course very informative and the teaching methods were clear and concise.
It was a great course for my introduction to simulation!
I enjoyed learning from all of the leaders in my field.
Very helpful.  Great overview of simulation.
It was an excellent experiance . I love it.
Great overview.
I am an educator in an Emergency Medical Services program in a community college. We often use simulation, but it is not at all sophisticated. I took this course of my own accord to learn how I, as one of the instructors, might suggest improvements for our program as we train EMTs and Paramedics. This has been an eye opening course which I have enjoyed and most importantly, have been exposed to and stimulated to continue learning about how we might improve our program simulations, including sim mannequins, iSim units and our standardized patients (sometimes me). I have some ideas about recruiting SPs for our programs. I have learned and see that I can help formulate and perhaps adapt so many aspects of this course material to better our own program. Thank you to all the instructors who presented this excellent course. I plan to recommend it to my program director.
Parts of the course are a fundamental review that is built upon in major parts of the course. The course in totality is superb. Projections toward the future add a new dimension to the expected content of the course. That is, few attendees would have thought of Standardized Patients in the course of preparing for undergraduate or graduate simulation. And if we thought of learning more about using SPs, we may not have thought of taking on the responsibility for recruiting and training SPs. Thank you for a model course that starts with foundation of possible known material, builds on that with enhanced learning activities, and concludes with a look toward future development in ways class members may not have expected. Thank you.
This course provided a lot of information, and I appreciated the self-directed pace.  The utilization of the video with the words was helpful, as well as the ability to stop or go back and replay the video.  I take notes and found it easy to follow along.  Providing the additional resources, especially when the instructor asked to complete a reading assignment before the lecture helped streamline my time.  This course really provided a solid understanding of clinical simulations and an appetite to pursue further scholarship.
This couse allowed the simulation professional, whether novice or expert, to review essential components to following standards of practice in healthcare simulation with emphasis on planning, interventions and optimal learner outcomes.  Fantastic and as a director, I plan on using this course as a mandatory for faculty orientation and development in the simulation program, as a stepping stone to best practices.  Thanks to all the professionals for creating this course.
I found this course to be an excellent exposure to the theory and practice of simulation.  'Simulation' is a word that is used but sometimes I think we who use the word don't all mean the same thing.  This presentation is an attempt at standardizing the conversation surrounding simulation in healthcare.  Very helpful!  Please keep it updated and available.  I am using it with my faculty.  I am sad to see the expiration date of January 2020.  Thank you.
Absolutely accurate, timely, important, relevant simulation education.  I have been in the field of simulation for over 10 years.  I continue to learn daily; however, this has been the most comprehensive and practical information I have ever received.  I cannot thank everyone enough who was involved with the MOOC presentations.  The resource material is invaluable.  Thanks for the hard work, persistent endeavor, and willingness to invest in us.
Excellent course that is informative, substantive, accurately provides EBP by the founding scholars for simulation in nursing and healthcare education.  I would love to continue to learn from these great educators through more MOOC environments. This provides an avenue to gain knowledge and professional development when constraints like distance, time, and budget can be barriers to educational growth. Loved the experience!
This was a very beneficial course, some review but some great new knowledge. I plan to revise and improve my debriefing technique. I will add more pre-briefing and follow the method presented here more closely during debriefing. I will also implement the simulation evaluation tools. I have recommended this course to my colleague on my IPE committee. Thank you so much!
Well done and thorough introduction to the essentials of clinical simulation. The interprofessional focus, caliber of the educators/mentors, and learning opportunities were well thought out. A must for all those learning use of this innovative teaching methodology and for administrators looking to capacity build their educators. Thank you! My first MOOC...
I reviewed the course for the purpose of investigating educational possibilities for the staff of our simulation department.  I wanted an overview that would give a rudimentary understanding of the entirety of simulation in a succinct and easily understood format while being taught by the best of the best...this course does it all and more.
I recently completed the Bachelor of health in Health science with a specialization in healthcare simulation education degree and this course was taught by the people who wrote the books we use. This is a great resource, I would advise and have advise all i know in the field to complete this course.
Great review of the information I knew and a great introduction to the information I did not know.  Resources provided in the modules as well as the discussion boards were very helpful.  I truly enjoyed the modules being taught by leaders in simulation, many of which I have referenced numerously.
I would definitely recommend this course to those who are working in Simulation. From not knowing anything because my background is in IT, I have learned so much and am ready to share the knowledge to my simulation team! Thank you for the course! I have enjoyed my time learning in this course.
The lessons learned from this course will be foundational to the goal of having our own simulation program. As we begin to conceptualize it, we will take in the salient points emphasized throughout the course and apply them as faithfully as we can despite being in a low resource country.
The course was highly informative and was enriched by the expertise of known experts in the field. The course was well supported with good references, has a good method of formative and summative course assessment. Definitely highly recommended for simulation instructors!
Excellent course!  I learned so much about SIM education, how to conduct a most effective debriefing and so much  more, I cannot include all of my positive comments in this small area.  If you are going to teach using Simulation, this course is a must!
This was an excellent course!  It was well developed and informative.  It helped me realize what I may be lacking as an educator in simulation and how to continue offering and provide more offerings based on Standards of Best Practice.  Thank-you!
This was great! I have accessibility factors and it was very user friendly. I
really like how the questions that we had to respond to created adapt beyond answering
questions like a test . Great work and thank you for this!
The course is written with great care and can be understood by people who are new to this field of simulation in healthcare. I really enjoyed the course and the knowledge received is priceless. Thank you all.
Very helpful information.  It really helped me understand my role as faculty.facilitator of learning and the promotion of the students' learning process plus the evaluation of their clinical application.
I found the course easy to follow and fit in to a busy work schedule. It gave me insight in how to incorporate simulation into my teaching and the importance of following standards of best practice.
It is a great experience to be a part of this course. All the sessions are made with perfection, and the participants can feel, as if the sessions are being conducted live
This course was very thorough but basic enough for a beginner to understand. I enjoyed it. It gave me a lot to reflect upon concerning our simulation program. Thank you!
This was a very informative course on clinical simulation. The  SP was the most difficult, having no experience. I hope this would be a long-range goal for our program.
Provides great resources and information essential to simulation.  I recommend all faculty involved in simulation participate in the self-paced education opportunity.
This was an excellent course I learned so much about simulation and improvements that I need to make in my practice. Thank you so much for the opportunity to learn!
Wonderful presentation with an abundance of information that I will be able to utilize as we build our simulation center! I am very thankful for this opportunity!
An excellent course for healthcare simulation educators! This course provides so many resources and ideas for development and improvement of simulation centers.
Very Informative and thought provoking. In one module, unable to access simulation links which made that content difficult to review. Otherwise useful course.
Thank you for this opportunity. This a very effective course in Simulation--comprehensive and valuable for both novice and experienced Simulation Educators.
This class was my introduction to Clinical Simulation and now I am hooked! Thank you for the excellent presentations and for sharing your expertise!
This course is a great way to implement a simulation program within your university. It includes everything you need to know from start to finish.
Excellent course. It covered the basics and more in simulation. I am a classroom professor, so Simulation in this manner was new to me.
Very very structured course and well pedagogically designed.Thank you so much dear Professors for this excellent learning oppurtunity
Excellent delivery of content with brief videos, knowledge checks, and quizzes.  Appreciate hearing from experts in the field.
This was an excellent course as I was preparing to initiate simulation into the PNP/FNP programs at our School of Nursing
Excellent and very informative course. The module on "Standardized Patient" and "Debriefing " were covered elaborately .
Amazing, give me the basis of simulation, the Pre briefing, activity and Debriefing.academic and management basis Thanks
Very informative!  I like how you can go at your own pace week by week and download materials to use at a later date.
Great education content! I learned a lot. This course has definitely prepared me for improving simulation education.
There are many things to learn which will be milestone for health sector to improve the quality of learning
This program is wonderful.  The course content is helpful in planning and improving a Simulation program.
Great course was very informative and great that everyone involved in simulation should take this course.
Thank you for offering this course, as an instructor newer to simulation I found this very educational.
The course was very informative and I will use the knowledge I gained i my practice as an educator.
For me, the course was not only a review but an update regarding Simulation in the academic field.
I think the course was very well organized and well paced. I learned TONS. I enjoyed all aspects.
Great Overview of simulation.  I appreciated the incorporation of theory and learning resources.
Very well outlined. I’m glad I took the course to help improve simulation in my organization!
A great overview of the elements necessary for the effective use of simulation in healthcare.
Wonderful information provided. As a novice simulation educator this program is invaluable!
Excellent course I have learned so much and can't wait to implement some of the teachings
It was fun and exciting way to unlearn, learn and relearn Simulation-Based Learning.
Very Interesting and well rounded introduction to nursing simulation education.
Wonderful review for the CHSE. I also learned A LOT in the course. Thank you!!
I have learned a lot. Thank you very much. I wish to have more on debriefing.
This was such a great course.  It is a wealth of information and resources.
Great program.  I learned a lot about a variety of topics in simulation.
Thank you. It was a useful course and I hope to apply it on the ground
Great sources of knowledge, very professional.I will high recommended
Excellent Modules, Presenters, and Ease of Use! Thank You!!! Cassie
Great Course. I learned a lot. Experienced instructors who gave rea
Great Course!! in details and specification in contents delivered..
I found this course informative and readily applicable to practice.
This was a great course with interesting and engaging instructors.
Excellent - comprehensive, thought provoking and well organized.
Thank you for everything we have benefited a lot from the course
What an amazing course! Loved every video and material provided!
Great review for novice and experienced simulationists!
i love this course and i will recommend it for others
Very complete & well presented! Thank you! dabsMU84
Perfectly paced and delivered basics of simulation
The course has a great deal of useful information.
Thank you for this opportunity. I learned a lot.
Excellent compilation and a systematic approach.
This course was applicable to my field of work
Informative.  Knowledge enhancing.  Practical.
Such a great course!! so much information!!!
excellent and a sustained learning resource
This course is rich in ideas and content.
Great course for simulation educators!!
This was a very informative course!!!!
Very Easy & Good Teaching Strategies
Great course! Very educational :)
Well done and very informative!
Great offering, and for free!
It is very important topic
thanks for every thing
thank all
