The course is interesting. It tackles different subjects though in a very superficial manner. I recommend the course if you would like to get some basic elements or principles related to forensic accounting and fraud examination. Unfortunately, examples provided in the course mostly date from the 90s, early 2000. It seems that the course has not been updated in a while. The discussion questions are interesting and could spark debates but no preparatory material is provided by the course leaders. This means that to be able to join the discussion you must have a prior detailed knowledge of the case.
Really sad to see that this training does not have any credit.
Most garbage and horrible course I have taken by far for accounting so far. The course has too many videos and the information is too repetitive and I got very bored. My enthusiasm was killed in week 2. The final part is 60 questions and it was shocking and disappointing. The final exam should not have 60 questions because I find that ridiculous and that it is too much and I unrolled this course as soon as I saw how many questions on the final for week 5. Execution is the worst thing I have saw by far. This course is so disappointing and could have been better. I give this course a 1 star out of 5. I wish I could rate this course a 0 out of 5 stars because really this course was seriously boring and depressing.
My main issue with this course is the examination setup. The questions basically test your ability to recite facts given throughout the videos, with precise and often unnecessary detail, rather than critically engaging with and applying theory. The questions themselves have many grammatical and even spelling mistakes that could lead to more than one correct answer, or, as I have occasionally found, to no correct answer. The course is short and the videos frequently address that they just scratch the surface. I would certainly prefer a more in-depth course that does not only offer examples and facts but requires the analysis and application of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination theories.
The quiz questions where absolutely terribly phrased and the course lacked actual technical knowledge. It was too broad, lacked actual investigative part and had too big of an emphasis on theories and history.
I was sent mail initially stating i will get certificate free of cost. when i completed, i am being asked to pay. I dont have zero grade to rate.
exam questions are designed for raw facts instead of critical thinking and resoning. Sorry maybe its my poor english. Regards.
Poorly written and vague questions and answers. Repeated questions in the final exam. Outdated examples of fraud.
I dont know if i learn anything of practical value. This is just a fun course which will give you some information or introduction to the subject. You may read a good book on the subject and gain more knowledge. But those who want a presentable format this is good introduction. Why will i purchase a certificate, The best use is a certificate is showing off. Without in depth knowledge or practical experience it has no value. The 2 stars are for the presenters who spoke well and some videos which i never saw before.
Lectures are excellent -- clear presentation from three professors with great sound -- easy to understand. Video of interviews from people who are convicted of fraud are fascinating. However, in an attempt to make the testing portion appropriately challenging and less open to cheating the multiple choice questions can be really obscure or oversimplified to the point of being wrong.I'm disappointed in the online discussions -- NOT the fault of the course -- they seem to be improving their accounting knowledge while working full time and English is a second language so there isn't much posting, there's very little dialogue between students. I do appreciate Vincenzo Ferri's role as monitor -- it helps connect us.
My issue with this course is the lack of depth. Most videos are shorter than 10 minutes, the instructors race through their bullet points without developing the ideas enough. The pace is frantic and the content is superficial. I understand the topic is massive, but that only leaves me baffled as to why there is room for 5 min videos in this course.
Too qualitative, too much theory, narrative.Needs more specific examples of how numbers are manipulated for e.g. in financial statement fraud. Perhaps show real data on how outlier transactions are spotted.
Very bad quiz as the options were terrible and did not have a clear justified answer. I could point out many MCQs which had more than 1 correct answer without an "all of the above" option.
Plenty of useful information. However, the whole course was based mostly on theory with case studies, and did not offer any practical and/or technical skills.
Positive: It was refreshing to see this offering in Coursera. It is an important topic and there is limited amount of offerings (the Wharton course in accounting analytics crosses in the benfords law topic). The discussions in Madoff, Snowden, etc are positive to stimulate critical thinking. The approach was solid. The videos with real fraudsters were very good allowing to connect the theory to practice. The final exam with 60 questions is also very positive to force/stimulate the student to 'cement' the knowledge gained.Negative: This course was shockingly short. If discounted the weekly videos with real examples of frauds, per week there was only about 20-30 minutes of 'real' materials. This is not nearly enough a balanced output of resources to allow students to grasp the concepts. Institutions like Wharton, U. Michigan, U. Illinois, U. Virginia and Yale are packaging in their top courses/specializations at least 1.5 to 3 hours per module (what can have between 4 and 11 modules), plus resources - slides, readings, excel spreadsheets and others. This is an enormous gap. Also - although it was positive to see the materials of the collegue and acfe sites, more was expected. For example, it would be extremely valuable to have resources related to Bernie Madoff, Armstrong, Edward Snowden to engage on a more dynamic discussion. The slides used to back the video lectures should also been made available. Also in some topics more detail was expected. For example, Benford's Law. It should been shown the formula used, what is the threshold value to raise suspicion that manipulation might be present in the financials and also what are considered to be normal values.Overall it is positive to see your offering but I think it can be improved and add a lot more valuable.I wish you luck.
The course has some good content and also some real-life examples; I particularly enjoyed the insider stories about Crazy Eddie and Barry Minkows account of the ZZZZ Carpet Cleaning fraud. Also, the coverage of Worldcom was interesting. The real accounting ane examination part of the course is very basic though and is more like an explanation of what should be done rather than how it is actually done. You will get a general idea about what problems one could encounter when trying to investigate corporate fraud, money laundering and related crimes but you will not get insights e.g. on how you would see it in cash flow statements and what to look out for when analysing company financials. Also, hardly any coverage of accounting principles and practices. The overall presentation of the course is quite funny as very retro.
Overall the course was very good; however, I would suggest that the right answer to the questions which the candidate gets wrong be provided to enhance the learning. I think I got a couple of questions wrong in the quiz and the final quiz which defeats the purpose of enhancing my learning.Further, there are multiple spelling mistakes in the questions and some questions are not value adding, specially ones where an answer is accurate but is the most appropriate. Happy to discuss further if you wish. But overall thanks and it's a good course.Regards
The overall impression of the course is good and satisfying. It is quite short and can be accomplished within 1-1,5 days but still - the quality of the videos and the materials was high and I actually learned a few new concepts. The tests and quizes on the other side were quited bad - full with spelling mistakes in the questions and some questions are not really bringing any value. Also, there were a lot of ambiguous questions where it was almost impossible to justify one answer instead of another.
This course provides a good introduction into the world of fraud examination, but it doesn't really go into forensic accounting that much. I had also hoped for some personal examples from the professors given their breath and depth of experience in the field (if at all possible). There also doesn't seem to be that much interaction between students, and students with professors. I would be very interested in signing up for a fraud specialization should there ever be one ...
The weekly assesment was not were not effective and the answer choices were too vague in my opinion. The answers were often too close to each other and open to discussion. These quizzes were more of a puzzle than a pleasure to learn ... However, the content of the court is good. I'm a bit disappointed that there wasn't a video entirely dedicated to Benford's theorem or other practical tools.
This course was very poorly written with many misspelled words and sentence errors. Unit quizzes represented different answers than final exam. The sequence of context was misaligned. I learned a lot but it was not very easy to follow. The videos kept jumping around and went from the middle of a video to the next chapter.
Provides a good foundation of understanding of the topics. To fully grasp the concepts though you'd have to do some independent research or take further courses. Overall I would recommend to anyone who is just starting out in the field (such as myself), has an interest in these topics, or want's to bolster their resume.
This course discusses the basics of forensic accounting and fraud examination. It helps to develop a high level understanding of the subject. The videos are of great value, showing learners what the perpetrators thought.  However, I wish the course can go deeper. It may be the first course of a specialization.
The course didn't meet my expectations - I didn't learn about fraud schemes and the methods to discover them, I only learned the psychological differences between accidental and predator fraudsters, the most of examples are from nineties, so the course need the refreshment and more practical information.
The course is good for providing introduction to Forensic accounting. What would be good is to include some analytical tools or examples of how exactly text analysis will help us find fraudsters. Overall the pace and content is good.
The basic knowledge is there but analytical portion is not covered greatly. This course help on clearing your perception regarding the forensic field & it gives you some command over few terms that are used in forensic department.
Course was very high level. More about historical examples of fraud and what forensic accounting and fraud examination as a topic is. Very introductory and not very useful if you come into this course with any knowledge.
Some of the tests are poor. Multiple questions that are the same in tests. Vague questions that weren't in the subject of that week etc. The videos are very helpful and interesting though.
You need to supply appropriate study material & web-site links. You need to be savvy searching for supporting material to understand certain topics & definitions.
Although the topics discussed are interesting, the topics taught many a times do not have a correlation with the questions framed in the quizzes.
The course is Awesome but the quiz is nerve recking took me almost 2 days to complete to keep redoing the quiz
Pretty good but not reach enough. it does not offer any practical quantitative methods to catch frauds.
1. Should make the course a little more detailed. 2. Should provide more material for the course.
Good for those who want's to have a basic knowledge of forensic accounting and fraud examination.
The Professors were wonderful, issues with wording of questions on tests and grading of tests
The course was neither thoroughly explained nor practically taught. Very disappointed!!
The quizzes and the exam called for knowledge not presented. Good information though.
Can  be more diagrammatically represented
Good introduction into the Topic.
This is the first course I have taken and completed from Coursera. To be honest I was afraid that I will not be able to focus on the content and videos, however I am happy to say that did not happen. The content and videos were clear and interesting for me. I was able to grasp and ENJOY the lectures. I think one of the main reasons I enjoyed the course was the real life examples/documentary covered (LIKE WORLDCOM, MADOFF etc). Due to the interest I was able to go through the lectures very quickly and attempt the quiz and final exam very quickly.I was very AMAZED by Benford's Law. I am planning to view more videos on the LAw because I am very interested in learning more about it.Thank you!
I really learned a lot taking this course. I am in the financial industry but got a chance to learn how other organizations detect fraud which is very similar in nature. The only thing I didn't like is that if I got an answer incorrect I was only told it was not correct and a reason without informing me of the correct answer for future reference. I am a member of the Association of anti-money laundering specialists (ACAMS) certified anti-money laundering specialist (CAMS) and this course added on to my level of knowledge and expertise. Overall I feel the instructors and Association of Certified Fraud Examiners did a great job with putting the classes together and I hope to stay connected in some way shape or form as I continue my career in the field. Many thanks!
The course is very well structured and introduced me to most of the topics related to fraud examination and forensic accounting. I feel that the course could benefit from adding case studies for the student to solve or providing concrete examples which the student can solve like detection of duplicate invoices or identification of improper journal entries among a list of journal entries. This would really help drill down the concepts. Overall the course whetted my appetite for this very interesting area and I certainly would like to learn more from the professors. Thanks for developing this course.
The content of the course is definitely great. I learned stuff i didn't knew and really liked exploring the course content. It was fun and instructive. But the test-system sucks. I spent more time trying to understand the meaning of a question than actually pondering on which answer to choose. Plus given the very broad approach of the course, some questions were way to specific and it felt like there was no sense in asking some questions when taking the global goal of the course into account.thank you for creating this course. I really appreciated doing it (apart from the testing-part :P)
The course trains us on principle theories of fraud, how to detect the fraudsters, classification of fraudsters and also the processes that can be used to control fraud in organisation. The course also touches upon concepts of money laundering and Whistle-blowing mechanisms. The course can be improved by also introducing us to digital forensics and tools used world wide. Further the syllabus needs to be widened to touch upon case studies or examples across the world and not restrict to USA
A good course on the basics of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examinations. I enjoyed the different voices they used to explain concepts. I also enjoyed how they used famous cases to show examples of fraud. The only thing that is keeping me from giving this course 5 stars is the lack of diverse voices. it would be nice to have instructors that vary in gender and race. Overall, I would recommend this for anyone looking to learn the basics of Fraud Detection and Prevention.
It was an amazing experience to learn about Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination for the first time, as a beginner. The course had a good quality in respect of topics covered, the mode delivered by the faculties. The little quiz after every week was simple but tricky at times, took me multiple attempts to complete. The final quiz had some repetitive questions though. Overall I am happy with my first experience in a MOOC and coursera.
Interesting course and lessons, providing practical examples that connect theory and practice. For those of us non-US, the real cases were estimulating. On the other hand, I found the course really short and with no relevant material provided to the students. Maybe the institution should consider to provide more deliverables to the students in order to maximize the learning.
More applications and case studies, rather than relying on merely lecturing and theoretical concepts, will make the course more practical and beneficial to learners. A good example is the Accounting Analytics course which contains a lot of cases, spreadsheets, calculations, etc. Those have helped to increase my understanding of the theoretical concepts a lot.
I
enjoyed this course overall, however, I was hoping it would be more detailed in
how to tell and how to find or locate accounting fraud. They talk about some of
the software tools used in Accounting Fraud, but it would be nice to hear more
about these software tools or maybe some examples of when they were used?  I do recommend it!
The course is quite engaging and well presented. The concepts explained with real examples help to better understand and retain the concepts. Some questions in quiz were however not discussed in the module but encourages extra reading. Looking forward to the next level of the course where we can study some of the concepts in depth
The course is perfect for those who wish to learn the basics. If coursera could customise the courseware to suit the requirements of those based in India, it would be a great value addition. Moreover in view of recent spate of frauds in India especially those related to the banking sector, there is ample material and genuine need.
Completed the course in 2020. Basic course content still appears to be relevant and includes real-world cases to further enhance exposure to the topics. A great blend of top-class lectures from the WVU faculty and professional course content from the ACFE knowledge body. It truly serves the purpose of a certificate course.
It was imparting a good kick start indeed for forensic accouning and fraud examination.i will be glad if you add more flesh on technical aspects of fround examination such as sample data for hands on practice and investigative approaches.Thanks a lot to the course co-ordinators,cousera and the university of west virginia.
Provides great insight on the Frauds that have taken place on the global level. The course guides you through various aspects of fraud examination and helps you understand each aspect with the help of examples from real life frauds. Discussions and tests help analyse the understanding. Extremely engaging and useful
The course is designed to give overall view of the Forensic "business". If you are looking to gain some deep knowledge, understanding and feeling of the mechanics of the "business" - the course unfortunately will not give it to you. In general a good course, as I felt that pretty a lot work was made to arrange it.
This course provided current practices relevant to fraud examination and forensic accounting. Each of the instructors demonstrated an apparent expertise in the field. While the material was certainly useful in criminal investigation, some of the material seemed a little opinionated and biased.
a good basics course for someone who has limited to no knowledge of fraud investogation and forensic accounting. Coming from an accounting background, i found the level of knowledge to be a beginner to intermediate level.  but overall a good refresher course on the basics of fraud auditing.
Although the course was great, I'd suggest the authors to review questions and correct answers as there are some inconsistencies - some correct answers in lecture videos and week quizzes where marked incorrect in the final exam. Anyway, thanks for sharing your knowledge and experience ;)
Very interesting courses. I work like an internal auditor and this course just help me to understand deeply what is fraud, how does it occur? What kind of tools do I use to investigate and so on.Thank you so much to all professors, to WVU and to ACFE for the quality of this course.
It is well-structured course with basic information. Nevertheless some content is not available through the platform and it seems like a side-content program, which in turn makes it a bit superficial. Anyway it is fine to get the basic concepts and a better idea about fraud.
Provides excellent knowledge on forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. One suggestion: MCQs need to be reviewed as there are duplication and incorrect/missing references for example answer would refer to "a and b above" but there is no a or b marked for answers.
Found very helpful and got to know few of live examples of frauds and fraudsters. It also help in recognizing one of the factor for losses to organization and economy as a whole. Would recommend for easy learning with ease to access the course anytime and anywhere
When i started this program i was very much blank about forensic accounting and fraud exam but thanks to the lecturers or tutors. The course was well presented and the contributions from my fellow student was awesome and i thank God that i have past the course.
The course was overall an informative and practical one but some of the Quiz I doubt had some answers wrong or were very much confusingly similar. There should be a capstone project or case studies to check if the skills learnt are properly implemented.
Good overview of topic. Videos well presented. Poorly worded quizzes. Refers you to outside site where they want you to pay to access further material regarding actual fraud stories that they tease with a part of the story each week.
Great course to introduce the topic of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. There may be a lack of development in the lectures covered (which could be filled with, for example, extracts from the handbook or articles).
It is a very interesting course, what drags it down a bit is that the lectures should have been longer and there should have been available reading material. But the course is overall good and well worth taking.
This course has helped me learn basic concepts and given me a way to understand the importance of forensic accounting. For a person who has never heard of the word forensic accounting, this course is essential.
Well structured course; high quality teaching method; gives an excellent foundation to those who want to go on studying Forensic Accounting in more depth. Could however take more examples from outside the US.
This course was an excellent introduction to the area of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. The concepts were simply put and easy to follow. The material gave relevant and live examples.
Good course and nicely presented in videos in a well understandable manner. Had a nice learning experience. Thanks to the Mentors who really presented the subject as a classroom teaching itself.
This was a great course and I learned a lot about Forensic accounting.  I will continue to study the Forensic Accounting and Fraud with hopes of becoming a certified forensic accountant.
As an auditor and I needed more insight into fraud, and this course really helped me to appreciate the key issues in fraud. The real life interviews of convicted felons was a plus.
My review: 75%. It's a big picture course. Despite not so deep, it's sometimes a bit confusing, because the topics are aparently uncorrelated. Maybe in fact I couldn't catch it...
The course is very interesting but I would suggest the committee add practical exercises where you can track financial fraud taking place or to better understand the fraud.
It's great for understanding the forensic accounting and fraud examination techniques to understand how fraud takes place and what are the possibilities to detect them
I would like to thank the lectures and Higher learning institutions for the on-line availability of the material courses offered.Thank you for the certificate earned.
Very Informative though the student needs to have some form of prerequisite knowledge on the subject matter and some experience of the Industry for easy understanding
The wrong answer should be supported by explanation, and also correct answer should be given along with the logic so that it will easy to get clarity on the concept
It is indeed a great course, however, some of the questions in the quiz section, sometimes are not completely related with the subject of the week's information.
I loved this course because it was simple and down to earth. It gives you a true understanding of the techniques used in fraud detection. Thanks faculty
The course is very informative and very well designed. But it can be more in - detail. Tutorial for various forensic audit tools should be included.
This course provides the basics for the above topic. Though the course videos don't cover the insights, it is still very informative to start with.
It was definitely very informative and touched on issues that are relevant to my job as a Forensic Investigator. Looking forward to learning more.
A quick course which ntroduces the participant to Forensic Accounting & Fraud Examination. Gives interesting insights into the vast field of FAFE
Fraud Fundamentals are very well covered with lucid example, a very interesting course providing good insight into  multiple aspects of fraud
Brilliant introduction to fraud examination, informative and intellectual instructors. It has really helped expand my knowledge of fraud. A+.
A well designed course, some more real life examples and how the concepts were actually put to use by fraud investigators would be helpful
Very Informative and is a knowledge enhacing course. Faculty have spilfied the content making the topic even lot easier. You must try it!
Was an informative and even fun course. However was too easy and I wish that there was more deep dives and challenges to push me further.
This course is an eye opener.  I have never regretted choosing the course.  It has contributed immensely to my  professional knowledge .
Overall the course impressed me well,but even more coverage of broader topics/chapters in the course would have been an added advantage.
very well paced and imformative with powerful real world examples. Would have been 5 stars if the end of course quiz worked on the App.
Finished in one day, this course didn't go as deep as i thought, but appreciate the real-life examples, those are the most helpful.
Its a good course with many varieties of quiz. Its will be better if provide more additional reading materials or reference books
Generally very good regarding the notion of Fraud. I wish I would know more about online Fraud and Credit Card Fraud. Thank you
This is such a learning and wonderful experience. Please provide more courses relating to Forensic Audit and Accounting!
Great oratory skills and an insightful course to take. More case studies could be added to make it more interesting.
Really informative. The topics were really interesting, but the delivery could have been made a little more catchy.R
Course was interesting and well put together.  Provided an input to an area of accounting that I was interested in.
The Course should also cover the various practical aspects such as using the analytical tools and software etc..
The course serves as a good starting point for people who are stepping into the world of financial crime.
It is good to understand the basics of Fraud Accounting and Fraud Examination. Interested to pursue more.
Quite good but kind of too theoretic. Some practical examples would make the contents more understandable
Well I found this course very informative. Nevertheless, the cases studies were a little bit outdated.
A very insightful and helpful course! The way it has been explained makes it very easy to understand.
It turned out to be a very informative course and the faculties help gain a conceptual understanding.
Good Course. So many points to learn. this could be much better if they add some study materials.
Wonderful Instructor, Wonderful Learning thanks to course era, thanks to west virginia university
Nothing is self sufficient but this course helps in building a base / approach to proceed further
A comprehensive course for persons interested in broadening their knowledge in fraud examination.
Pattern of the course is really good. Enjoyed the content and the real life examples specially.
Very interesting course. There were real world examples discussed in a very precise manner.
Few technilogical demo of applications required to make couse complete rather than verbal.
Great class... wish I had more information on some items that appeared in the quiz & test.
The course is more in depth and learning has been so good. Thank you for all your effort.
More theory-driven than practical-oriented, but still good. Can be made more interesting.
This course have improve my understanding on auditing, fraud investigation and others.
Very interesting and useful course. It was presented in an easy to understand manner.
Interesting and scenario based tutorial on forensic accounting and fraud examination
It is very good for someone to have basic knowledge in this subject and want to stu
This course provide not only the knowledge but also moral insight. Thank you all
This was a very productive course I hope in future you will add more content.
Contents are old should be updated with latest data and trends in the market.
Great Lesson and great mentor. Hope there's more case study on the next batch
I wish there were more up-to-date examples, the information is really good.
i really enjoyed the class and learnt a lot from this course. thank you.
Should have been in more detail with practical examples and application
Great course, important basic concepts useful for my day-by-day job!!!
I lost my certificate will you send my course completed certificate .
Great course for  the basis of forensic account and fraud examination
A duly packaged course that has equipped me with me with knowledge.
The Course was fulfilled my knowledge about fraud and how it works
GooD Start to a long journey in FAFI, Basics explained very well.
Good basic course for a good understanding of fraud examination.
Very interesting course which covers so many interesting topics
Very informative and educational. Case studies was relevant.
Interesting and updated information about Fraud Examination
tough course with a new bunch of skills for your tools box
Provides inside details each Internal Auditor should learn
Wonderful course for introduction to forensic accounting
very interesting course. Concise and easy to understand.
The teachers are so good. The course is worth taking.
A very well designed syllabus as introductory course
it was good and it was easy to understand and learn
Very well explained and with excelents examples.
This has been quite exciting and a mind opener.
Detailed explanation about forensic accounting
Good basic understanding of fraud examination
The course should have some university credit
Acquired titbits of fraud.Improved myself.
Very interesting course with good examples
Excellent contents with example in brief .
Enjoyable course with interesting topics.
Good course to learn forensic accounting
The case use in the course is a bit old
A good overview of Forensic accounting.
Great course! It was very interesting
A lot of new learning in this course.
very good introduction to the subject
Very much informational. Learnt alot
Easy to understand and practical !
Very basic stuff, but informative.
Just buy the book and memorize it.
I was hoping for more forensics.
Great insight on the course.
A lot of useful information
Can be in More details
Very well informative.
Short and useful
Final quiz has 60 questions but there is no possibilities to " save" answers and proceed later, all questions must be answered in one  access.
This course is a better learning than general auditing course that was taken in university by me. Awesome knowledge provided. Very easy and slow english speaking letting us to understand each word.
I liked everything in this course. But for one- I feel for all the quizzes, the right answer must be given so that we get to know where we are wrong. Only explanation as to why it is wrong is given.
Amazing course! please offer more courses like this on fraud examination and forensic accounting. I would also be interested to take a course on Internal audit, Internal controls and res management.
I found this course to be quite interesting especially because of my current work requirements.  It actually provided me with some insights on items I can include in my staff training as well as in my day to day operations.  One of the things that this course has done, is that it has inspired me to do more reading / research in this area and possible pursue the CFE accreditation which I have been pondering about for some time. Good place to start...
I really like this online course because we can study from the comfort of our home as per our convenience. We can also study this anytime. Lecturers from west Virginia university explain everything properly. Also the transcript helps us. It would have been better if transcript were organized into paragraphs for our ease. Additional reading materials also should have been provided so we can further clear our concepts. Other than that this was great!
Very informative course. I would like to thanks to Coursera.com for providing me this opportunity to get this certification. This course has enhanced my understanding of fraud investigation and forensic accounting and would definitely enhance my career goal. I specially thank to  Dr. Richard Riley, Ph.D,  Dr. Richard Dull, Ph.D and   John Gill, J.D., CFE for their excellence teaching skills and guiding us throughout the course.
I am into Internal Auditing Profession since a decade and also pursuing CFE. The contents of this Certificate Programme was very much useful to me. The reason why I say this is, 'coz of the fact that many such Micro Concepts associated with Forensic Accounting & Fraud Examination are not covered with other study materials of AML/Fraud Examinations. It will surely help me clear my conceptual clarity on the subject!
Good afternoon (evening) dear colleagues!
 This course discloses information regarding the investigation of economic crimes in the sphere of fraud by both legal entities and individuals.
 It will be useful for studying the practice of applying psychological approaches to analyzing people's actions in certain situations, for the initial level of the company's economic security.

 Thank.
 Sincerely, to you!
I have really benefited taking this course and i must say it really worth my time. Thumps up to the lecturers and facilitators of this course. It goes without saying that there are still areas why improvement can be made about the course. for example case study why students can be able to apply skills learned during the course. In all the course is great. Thank you.
A very informative course which I have taken while preparing for my Advanced audit and assurance exam - which complemented my preparation very nicely. I am now considering in due course to take the CFE exam and potentially pursue a career in the fraud examination field. I highly recommend this course to anyone who has a passing interest in this subject.
An intriguing course that delves inside the various aspects of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination in a awe-inspiring manner with relevant examples, engaging content and learned professors.
These course is professionally inclined , particularly to the current and prevailing situations in organisational policies ,like CEO's influence to the ethics of accounting standard of operations, guide to whistleblowers, advantage and conquencies ,use of data analysis and text analysis used in various business organization.All case study,in these programs are opportunities,to open our knowledge to how,who,what where accidental, predator fraudster are, and the mode or method of operations in an organisational.Auditor and accountant ,must have these course to higher experience, forensically to help in providing solutions,stop and improve non financial and financial materials used by smart fraudster,so as not reinue the entire system of the organization in which they are found.I desired to learn more,grow and stand for better understanding on the course . Thanks you all.
Positives: The course was well structured and concise. It covered all important topics and the quality of content was excellent. I must say I have gained knowledge about the subject.Areas which need improvement: The course primarily gives insights & knowledge about forensic accounting and fraud examination. It does not deal with techniques of Fraud investigation. So this course imparts knowledge, but it does not in any way improve the skills of forensic auditors or fraud examiners. So in feedback, I am unable to identify whether I have gained any skills by plassing this course. Yes I have gained knowldge, but skills No!. I wish this course devotes a section or a module to forensic audit techniques and development of essential skills required for Forensic audit etc.
The course was designed in a very intelligent and eloquent way--that is, it was designed in a way which pertains to the fact how does a criminal or fraudster think and above all how we can catch them given the resources that we have especially with the help of "Big data" and its tools such as data analysis or text analysis. One distinguishing feature of this course which i liked the most was that it was blend of so many things--accounting, fraud examination, forensic accounting, and data analysis--hence it was less monotonous and more engaging.
The course was filled with case scenarios which broaden my understanding.The course facilators are competent, they broken-down terms to the basic form which made my learning easy and fun Finally, the course has lots of Interesting topics ranging from types of fraudsters, the elements of fraud,Fraudster demographics,Forensic professional skills,Essential fraudster traits,Internal control concepts,Whistleblowing,And how to detect and prevent fraud.I have a wonderful learning experience.. I gained so much which added knowledge. 👍👍👍
I would first of all pay my sincere tribute and thanks to the honorable mentors of the course who have covered the topics in the best possible way. The teaching techniques of the mentors is perfect based on the best practices in learning.  The course has been very fundamental for my understanding  of fraud, its detection and prevention.The final thoughts given by our respected mentors including the quotes are a benchmark for my future work.Thanks again to coursera for providing such a wonderful platform for my professional growth.
This is one of the best courses in Forensic Accounting. Though I am a person with an engineering background, it was very motivating. The course by itself is not self sufficient. It covers the major topics peripherally and acts as a beacon to start expanding knowledge through self study. The exams are a bit tough and well structured to stimulate reasoning. Overall, an excellent course for beginners in Forensic Accounting, especially with different background other than commerce and accounting.
I have previously done two more courses in Coursera, likewise this was also one of a kind course I must say but on the other hand, this is my favourite course till date as it gave me a practical experience in this field  and i am pretty sure that this knowledge will help in my practice as a company law enthusiast.I will recommend one thing to change in this course. kindly include the right answer options too along with the explanation. it will be of great help.
This is one of the best course on fraud examination, In this course you learn about how fraudster thinks, how,when,where they commit fraud.and at the end of every week you get to see the interview with person who commit frauds of million dollars. When I enroll in this course thinking that it focused on financial statements like balance sheet and income statements but its not that , this course is focused on how the fraudster thinks and how they commit fraud .
The  Course is well organized to impart very crucial and important skills and knowledge to learners. The presentations  contains very relevant and current information regarding fraud practices. The presenters are vastly knowledgeable and informed about the fraud as a topic. Thank you so much Prof. Richard Riley, Dr. Richard Dull and Mr.John Gill.Thank you so much Cousera Team for this great opportunity please feel so much appreciated.
The content of the course is very apt and useful in day to day working. The learnings can be used in corporate environment and is very insightful. Video, case study with relevant examples helped in better understanding of the concept thereby enhancing the required skills for the job. Moreover i could utilize the time and complete the course in a timely manner due to reminder and motivation by the Coursera tool, that too du
The level of ease with which the topics are explained lets you know that there is still much to learn about fraud investigation. The shared knowledge and experience of the teachers is a very important value to consider this experience as excellent.Congratulations to the teachers, writers, designers and others involved, for making this learning experience extremely valuable for my personal and professional life.
Excellent course which clearly explains all the concepts of forensic accounting and fraud examination including fraud triangle, fraud detection, use of data analytics in fraud, Benford analysis, money laundering, whistleblowing etc from a practical perspective with adequate examples from  corporate world.   "Worldcom" scandal was also discussed as a case study to add a practical perspective to the concepts.
I really enjoyed the course. Learned a lot that I didn't know. I wish though the areas of money laundering and executive fraud had been enlarged upon. I also wish that this was a more advanced course or several courses. Will I use this in my position. Absolutely. The main reason though I took it was because of trump. I had some theories and hypothesis about him and wanted to see if I was correct and I was.
This is well designed course focusing on Fraud Examination and basics on Forensic Accounting. i liked the mix of experts from academic and professional  background. The videos and use cases were interesting and provided good insight on approach towards fraud examination. I hope the learning will help me sharpen my skills as fraud prevention expert in a leading bank in India. sunil.tiwari@outlook.com
I really enjoyed this course.  The videos, learning materials, quizzes and feedback were very helpful.  There's so much information delivered in the course that is very useful and has changed my outlook about what forensic accountants and fraud examiners actually do.  I am more informed  regarding fraudsters, money launderers, whistle blowers, etc.  I thoroughly enjoyed my studies with you.
Thank you Mr. John Gill, Dr. Richard Riley and Dr. Richard Dull for bring the effective course to us. This course is really helpful and easy to understand for a beginer Internal auditor such as myself. After the course I already have basic knowledge about Fraud, Fraud Examiner and Forensic Acounting, and it's a basis for me to develop my occupation in the future. Thank you very much.
Very interesting content that introduces many common fraud schemes and warning signs that may help prevent or detect the fraudulent act.  Additional real life frauds were incorporated into the lessons which was one of my favorite parts.  Wonderful teachers and a class that encompasses accounting concepts, forensic and investigative skills, and curious minds.  Highly recommended!
Its been a wonderful experience undergoing this well structured, well-articulated, and well synchronised course. However, just a small suggestion for the benefit of working people, if some more reading material is made available in addition to mere video text... it would be of immense help as they will manage their time accordingly which otherwise becomes extremely difficult.
I have meant so much and I would like to do the ACFE examination. I work as an internal auditor but the knowledge gain here make me very aware of my internal environment more because frauds are often commuted by the most unsuspected employees or CEO I definitely would like to create a Money laundering policy also and whistle blower policy for my organization
The Course was really a great learning experience with qualified professor's team. It was all in details with case studies easy to understand with simple language and accent. Enjoyed the course and would recommend for people who want to make there career in Forensics & Fraud Examinations.Thank You Everyone for your valuable time & resources...
The course was very  interesting and equipped me with new skills. Audit skill combined with forensic accounting skills is valuable tool I will always use. My work has become more interesting. Thanks to Coursera for making it possible for me to learn from distinguished professors in forensic accounting and fraud examination. I am enlighten.
An outstanding course with great depth of knowledge provided.  The three professors involved curated thorough lectures that captured attention and promoted understanding of the course materials. I loved this course and I would recommend this course to anyone without reservation! Thank you for this great opportunity to learn and explore.
Amazing course. It's easy to read the news and say how it could have happened. But to get to understand the trail of events before the fraud and the fraudster's mindset is a different world together.  Experienced faculty with practical insights make the course remarkable.  Thank you for putting together a novel and a brilliant course.
It was a excellent course overall. The professors were very good at explaining the concepts of fraud & forensic accountants & I enjoyed all the lectures. The tests were also very apt & informative. I am grateful to West Virginia University & Coursera for this course which taught me a lot about forensic accountants & fraud examination.
This is an excellent course for anyone interested in Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination.  My only gripe is the format of the associated textbook.  It is some sort of an e-book, but it is not a traditional pdf, which created a lot of frustration on my end.  Otherwise, the course content and delivery was absolutely outstanding!
Course content and delivery was sufficient to grab the concepts and understand the practicality for a seasoned professional.  I would recommend the course should be taken post requisite years of experience in accounts / finance /audit etc.  WVU have great learning options through such flexible courses which add feathers to our cap.
hi,first I want to say thanks to all the members www.coursera.og who  provide and arrange such a  platform to enhance skills people who are live in remote areas or distinctive areas. I learn so much from this course and much productive for me. I hope you will improve this course with the time.thank you.regards habib Ullah khan
Incredible course, it goes to the basics and covers a great introduction of forensic accounting. It uses simple terms to explain and uses many examples of large frauds that have occured. I finally came with the fact that with the tools provided and the simple way to explain helped me to  learn a lot of this field.Thank you.
I learned a great deal about forensic accounting and fraud examination, the things such as big data, data analysis, fraud triangle, Fraud prevention, detection, internal controls, real world fraud cases, evidence collection, examination of evidence, money maundering, placement layering, integration. World com fraud,  etc
Excellent course! It gives you an understanding of1 the meaning of fraud2 the fraud examination process3 how and why does a person go about committing fraud4 what are some of the internal controls that organizations should focus upon along with the red flags suggestive of frauds5 using data analysis for detecting frauds
quite inciting and informative exepercially in my society where fraud is very prominent and seen as a way of life.i am now convinced that with the knowledge i have acquired i can help to design control measures for institutions and organizations alike coupled with my background in Accountancy.thank you so much COURSERA
Great Course to complete .  As a  CFE also, I was able to get much detailed knowledge for my continued studies. it was good to learn Step by Step teaching by Professors help to complete the course before the time schedule.  Special Thanks to ur Mentors Mr. John Gill, Mr. Richard Dull & Richard Riley for their efforts.
i highly recommend this course for line of  defense , financial  institution  troops on the ground on fighting  fraud & financial crime.I have  learnt alot from this course which delivered by subject matter expet on the field. so much thought provoking ideas , and the  example , advises will help us on day today life.
Very much happy  for having this knowledge of Forensic Accounting and am quit sure it will be an added advantage to my career. My profound gratitude goes to all the Lecturers and the management of Coursera and Virginia University for this wonderful programs. Very much challenging!Thank youOchimana Peter AdoyiNigerian
This course was amazing and all concepts were explained in simple lay mans terms which was very easy to understand. However, there can be more classes on the data extraction and analysis part also. I am very sure that my knowledge about fraud examination and forensic accounting has increased thanks to this course.
This course has given me great insights wrt different type of frauds, who commits frauds, why and how. The level of clarity in explanation by the professors is worth appreciating. Case studies were of great help to understand things in a better way. Looking forward to greater learning through Coursera. Thank you.
This Course enhances knowledge about Forensic Accounting & fraud detection. gained knowledge about many concepts like Money laundering, internal Control, Whistleblower, Fraud triangle, Many case studies & creates a curiousity about the frauds happening the world & measures how to detect & stop them. Thank You.
The course helped me in improving my knowledge in forensic accounting and fraud examination, which was a new and exciting topic, which brought about a wider scope of understanding about the vast topic. The topics were explained with great efficacy and ensured a comprehensive learning with appropriate examples.
It was a worthy course which is highly recommendable to every aspirant who want to become a forensic expert. Quality of faculties cannot be expressed in words. They all are the masters of their field. Course  is actually a blend of concepts building accompanied with some amazing case studies. Great job Guys !
A good course which outline basics and fundamentals of fraud. Provided real-life examples which made it that much more interesting. Was able to learn a fair bit, very satisfied. Looking forward to more fraud courses, maybe kinds that delve deeper into actual analysis and let students attempt to detect fraud.
The course was well designed with each lecture naturally flowing into the next subject matter allowing the student to remain engaged throughout the course. The instructors provided excellent examples utilizing  videos with real testimony from actual participants in a variety of nationally recognized frauds.
Very interesting course a valid certificate that can be used for any individual with in any given organisation I especially liked the lecturers it was presented in a clear and understanding way. I highly recommend this course. Im not an accountant but helps me to do my job at senior level. Kind regards RG
it was interesting and well paced for working professionals.  contained all elements of fraud investigation and deterrent mechanisms.  case studies made the course interesting and relevant too.  overall, the course motivated me to register for CFE!  Thanks to the faculty and team who put this together.
This was a basic course, but a good introduction in forensic accounting and fraud examination. I would recommend it to anybody who wishes to determine whether this could be a viable career option for them. I wish there were more interactive material, but nonetheless for the price it delivers value.
This course has been very informative. I gained so much knowledge on Forensic accounting and fraud examination. This course has taught me what signs to look for in a potential fraudster. What causes person to commit such a dreadful act like fraud. Let me take this opportunity to say thank you .
I am deeply thrilled by all the instructors of this course and importantly, I am thankful for the opportunity and the knowledge acquisition during the duration of this course.  it was indeed impactful.I therefore, recommend this course to anyone irrespective of your profession.Ata Fidelis Enyia
An excellent course full of information that is relevant to anyone working in accounting and management. who is concerned about fraud in his/her organisation. My only recommendation is; would it be possible to include some practical case studies for course participants.Thanks for the great work
A very brief and easy to follow introduction to forensic accounting and fraud examination. Since I look at it from a Cyber Security and Counter-Terrorism perspective it layed out on where to take further studies and focus regarding the domain of financial fraud prevention and patterns used.
Thank you so much for this opportunity of knowledge. Thank you for the presentations and the examples given. I hope this course will help me in my daildy duties and my future investigations. If there is another course like this, I definitely I will enroll on it. Greetings from Colombia!!!
It's wonderful. I enjoyed this course. It was the most challenging I have encountered so far. I enjoyed the lectures and the practice real life examples on fraud. I will definitely be recommending this course to everyone who would like to pursue Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination.
For computer forensic lovers this course like a piece of cherry on the cake.Very challenging and interesting ...Thank you coursera for providing me an opportunity  to pursue this course and this course is a foundation for achieving our aim as a computer forensic expert or fraud detector
I took up this course out of personal interest as I am working in the same field. Course was well planned, lectures helped me gain a new insight in fraud examination. The thing I most enjoyed was the exams after each week's course. I would like to thank Coursera for this useful course.
The course was very informative. It serves a great reminder to accountants, auditors, and all others in the industry of the importance of integrity and ethical conducts in their profession. The course layout was easy to follow and allowed flexibility to students with complex schedules.
This course added a new light into my career. It was enriching and full of practical and theoretical knowledge. The faculty was also very well read and was able to explain everything by simplifying it for the students. Thanking the team for such an enriching and knowledgeable course.
Gives an understanding and clarity about the basics of Fraud and what to look for. Really helpful and gave me a broader perspective towards fraud examination and forensic accounting. the case studies were helpful in understanding real-world issues which we need to vigilant towards.
Most educative and very well structured. I was very impressed with the content of the course and the short video  lectures. I am definitely going to recommend it to others and also continue with other course. This has added to my knowledge and broaden my understanding . Thank you.
This course has been a very insightful and informative one helping me understand how to identify fraud and to apply measures for fraud prevention. In all, I just loved the flow and the deep knowledge of the Professors in this course. I thank them all for their teachings.Thank You!
I learned a lot and really appreciated the tuition videos. Also, the quiz at the end of each session is really helpful as a recap. You maybe would like to suggest more books and articles that could be accessible on Internet for the professionals who would like to get more insight.
Course gives you a good introduction to Fraud examination, including real-life examples. There are videos of people who had already commited fraud. Teachers are nice! I would definitely recommend, especially if you are trying to identify some signal of frauds in your work-place.
I think this course is must for every Accounting Student, it provides basic concepts about Fraud, Forensic Accounting, Internal Controls. The instructor has designed the course well, one of the best things he has included in the course are relevant fraud cases and their videos.
Dear Team,Thank you for granting me the opportunity to learn the topic "Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination".The course has equipped me with strategies in relation to fraud examination and detection.Once again, i am grateful to the organizers of the program.Thank you all.
I enjoyed the class. The Instructors were very informative with the information. I've got an A.S Degree in Criminal Technology  & many certificates in Accounting.. I wish I would have gotten into the field earlier and proceeded in this area.  Thank you for all the information.
This is a great course for "company directors", business owners and anyone in a senior leadership team. You will learn the skills of what to look out for in fraud, what process and systems you need to have in place - and why these systems will assist you or your company.
An inspiring and highly recommendable course, which provides deeper insights into the world of fraud examination and the thought process of convicts, which ideally helps portray a true and whole picture of keeping your organization safe from possible elements of fraud.
I took this course to explore what Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination entailed and if it would be something I would want to pursue in the future. The instructors were excellent and delivered a considerable amount of information that was clear and interesting.
Excellent. Very elated to have this this course. It covers broad range of concepts for a forensic accountant and fraud examiner. All three instructors explained the concept in simple terms. Further the real life examples and videos are fulcrum to the entire course.
The course gives you an extraordinary knowledge in Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination, thank to Dr. Richard Riley, Ph.D, Dr. Richard Dull, Ph.D and John Gill, J.D., CFE for their greatness showing abilities in teahcing and managing us all through the course.
The course has been very helpful in developing vital skills for a CPA, most especially the skill of being professionally skeptic. The course provided very detailed explanations and situational applications about the work of a Forensic Accountant and Fraud Examiner.
Dear All,I want to thank you for this amazing course.I was working as an internal auditor in a private bank but unfortunately, I have never acted in the role of fraud investigation.Now, after this course, I've decided to get a CFE degree asap :)Best regards,Cagla.
This course is an effective tool to learn the nitty-gritty of fraud examination. I have learned a lot from this course. Thanks to the distinguished faculty for their exceptional inputs.A must for fraud examiners, even in case the require revision of key concepts.
i really appreciate the institution for making me to gain more knowledge and exposure to Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination though i have passion in becoming CFE.how can i get the certificate, also can i use the certificate to register with ACFE. Thank you
The course was very well constructed and taught giving a very meaningful & indepth overview of Forensic Accounting & Fraud examination domain. It has also encouraged me to pursue the subject further by gaining ACFE membership and to work towards CFE designation.
This course is very informative and unique. I like how it includes every related topic of forensic accounting with so detailed information. They even added a real life fraudster video every week to understand it more efficiently. It is a very interesting course
I loved this course!! Being at a very early stage in my career, I found this extremely helpful in understanding the dynamics of this filed. I hope there are more courses related to forensic investigation like frauds of stock markets, insurance companies, etc. .
The course has really provided me with a platform to pursue Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination as my career. I found this course at the right time given the kind of work I am deployed on requires a high level understanding of these concepts. Thank you!
A great course. It was the right amount of Overview and Summary versus deep domain information. I really enjoyed the Fraud examples they used during the course, I hadn't realised the scale and breadth of corporate fraud, especially during the 90's and 2000's.
My sincere thanks to the authors, west Virginia university and coursera team for providing me this beautiful and insightful course which would helped me gaining a lot of knowledge and for providing financial aid. Thank you so much. Highly recommended course.
really enjoyed this course. its in-line with my educational background but so much more interesting. wish there was another section of this course with more indepth exploration of forensic and fraud accounting though, as can't seem to stop learning from this
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I got to learn about the basics of forensics accounting and fraud examination. It made me get interested in this field. I may end up doing an advanced course in this. Thank you so much for such an informative MOOC.
Very good course,especially i think this course will be much more useful to practicing accountants. I am from academics but still loved the course and learnt many things related to Fraud. Was able to understand an accidental and wilful predater.
The videos are eye-opening. It provides very comprehensive discussion on FRAUD and how these things happen, the studies conducted about it and interviews from some of the prominent people who were known to be involved in some FRAUDULENT matters.
The course is very systematic and the material provided by the faculties are excellent. The structure of the course to give an insight of what forensic accounting is and how auditing and internal controls help an organisation prevent a fraud.
I would recommend this course to anyone considering a career path in forensic accounting or fraud examination. Very experienced tutors and real case studies. Definitely my best experience with Cousera so far! Well done West Virginia and ACFE!
Very insightful and comprehensive course, taught by true experts  in the field, certified by the ACFE. My satisfaction is complete. I recommend this course to any professional with an interest in Fraud Examination and Forensic Accounting.
The instructor's in this course are to the point in their explanation of topics. The course opens your mind to red flags and anomalies may have heard of in the past or may come across in the future. It's an excellent course to enroll in.
I really liked this course. I intend to specialize in fraud investigation and prosecution and this course was a great start in the right direction. This courses explains many fraudulent activities and gives you plenty of real examples.
This course has really benefited me and made me realise which line of work I'm most likely to move forward in. The lecturers explained all the topics perfectly well and it was very easy to understand. Definitely recommend this course!!
This course was well presented with just enough information to pique my interest while simultaneously helping me to understand the subject matter. The discussion prompts were equally interesting. I would highly recommend this course!
I really like the course, the way of teaching by all the professors is really appreciable. In between quiz during the session is also a good idea. Further quiz at the end of the every week test our knowledge gained during the week.
This is the very knowldgworthy of each every part of the course, depth knowledge  of professors  how the behavior of the fraudster, situation  and real time example explore the course thank you very much for design the course, all
Amazing course, the instructors have years of experience in their field and present well designed curriculum to facilitate in the learning of the subject. I would highly recommend this course to any CFE or any inspiring auditor.
It was a great experience to learn from such dedicated teachers who were very clear in their language and content were just upto the mark. P.S. Kindly add figures to the written content for more impact on the mind of learners.
Very nice course, gives basic insights about Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. The journey of learning this course is truly amazing. I could learn at my own time and pace. Thank you Coursera for the wonderful course.
This course has opened my eyes to ways that fraud can be detected and although fraud can’t be automatically mitigated but it can be prevented. I am glad I took this course.Thanks West Virginia University and thanks Coursera.
when I start the course I was completely new to this topic and time proceeds I was continuously developing my concepts related to this course. the way faculty members deliver and presented their lecture was just mindblowing
The past 5weeks reached  all the expectations. The topics I enjoyed most were Money Laundering and Whistleblowers,I am feverously pursuing a higher level in Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination through you university.
I love this course, it is very interesting and informative. Give me a chance to understand what Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination doing. I may further learn this expert 's course in the future.Thank you very much!
It is great learning experience. I got to get so much knowledge and skills with respect to forensic accounting and fraud examination which will certainly be greatly useful in my professional life and career development.
Very comprehensive course, solid materials and videos and excellent professors!...Hats off to all of them!... Looking forward to continue my specialization in Forensic Accounting and Financial Crime.  Thank you all !
The amazing structure of the course gives the perfect blend of technical knowledge along with the practical implications. I a so glad and thankful that I pursued this brilliant course. Kudos to Coursera and WVU !!
Thank you, this course is a great introduction to that topic. Its diverse course material keeps learning always interesting. I would love to go on with a course like "Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination II"
My best course so far in Coursera and was followed by rigorous exams for which multiple attempts was needed. I loved the hardship and went through the materials multiple times. It was a great experience indeed.
Great initiative by W. V. U. course was as there is lot in limited words even through the subject matter is which could be so large to go on with all person gives there best to summed up in limited time Thanks
Very intense and interesting content. There is material that's asked in questions that would not be explicitly covered though. It would be great to add links to the sources of the content that will be tested.
This course has been very helpful in enhancing my knowledge about fraud examination. I believe it will go a long way to help me become more proactive in discharging my responsibilities as an internal auditor.
I got to know various concepts and understandings through regarding Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. I respect the efforts West Virginia University Professors and Others who featured in the course.
It was truly a wonderful experience after i completed the course. The course was designed in such a way, it is elaborate and quite relevant . i highly recommend this course for anyone in financial industry.
I have learnt about fraud investigation, fraud detection in a different way. Real world examples regarding Worldcom and other fraudulent activities enlightened my knowledge regarding Forensic Accounting.
This course has given me great insights about forensic accounting and fraud examination. The sources given are very knowledgeable and and has helped me in pursuing my interests in this particular field.
The content of the course was very practical and has helped me a lot in detecting possible loopholes in the anti fraud policies of my department. Now i am prepared for the CFE exams. Thank you coursera.
Pretty straightforward and full of good information. It will not land you a new job but it will help you understand a lot of things better. Take it as the source or reference point. Highly recommended.
It was really great course to learn various case studies from different verticals that leads to financial frauds. Great insights on forensic accounting and financial frauds and how to counter them.
This course is one of a kind, it's simple, professional and straight to point. I've really been exposed to the concept of fraud and it's dynamics. This will take me a long way in my career.Cheers!
Excellent course to go with an excellent illustration from experts in the industries. I do carry a value which will cherished in my memory for ever ........Thanks for all what i learned hear.....
An extrely good course to introduce people to Fraud Examination and Forensic Accounting.  I think a future course may have to be somewhat longer and have a bit more detail on Forensic Accounting.
This course was very much intresting as it also included some examples and case studies. This was like a realistic experience to me. Came across new terminologies. Thank you so much Coursera.
It simply helps as to understand the most important basics of  a professional body that is forensic accountant. This defiantly encourages you to study more about forensic and fraud detection.
This course is the best i have taken so far. The lectures are logically presented, the videos are easy to watch and  are very easy to understand. I highly recommend this course to everyone.
I've learned practical techniques and theories about Forensic Accounting and Fraud. The cases presented are very helpful and insightful to demonstrate the concepts. Thank you Professors!
One of the best courses I have done on Coursera. Extremely insightful and you will definitely learn new concepts. I highly recommend it everyone who wishes to learn more about this topic
Really its very effective course for understanding the Forensic Accounts, Fraud Examination along with Internal control and how to apply this knowledge in our professional/business life.
The course is very helpful. I definitely obtain some tools that will be useful, specifically in the field of work, namely prosecution and asset recovery that I`m currently in. Thank you
Although the program is a very good introduction to Forensic Accounting and Fraud, I think the instructors must at least upload some literature and real cases which is free to download.
This course provided an excellent overview of the challenges and rewards of forensic accounting and fraud detection!  I really enjoyed the course and highly recommend others to take it.
This course was excellent, I was able to get a good understanding about the various types of fraudster, control measures, knowledge of money laundering and whistleblower and much more.
As a Fraud prevention professional, I have found this course and its materials very helpful and useful in a real-life business environment. Thank you very much for this great course.
I have the strongest interest in Fraud Examination and I found this course is very useful and the examples given of the real past fraud cases gave us extra caution of what we learnt.
The course has been designed to understand the basic of fraud in organization context. Specific industry dynamics need to be elaborated for complete referral  grasp over the course.
What a course it is . I learned here what is fraud and how it can be controlled in an effective way . It will help me in my professional growth and will improve my analytical skills
the course is exceptionally enriching. it made me stay glued to my computer all day, and ended up doing the course within a week.good teaching approach.hope to further my knowledge
This Course gives understanding of fraud environment, fraud types, financial crimes with examples,  and methods of fraud examination. Very helpful in further studies in this field.
I highly recommend this course those who are interested in Forensic Accounting and Auditing field.  Further you can learn with higher relevant practical scenarios with this course.
I learned a lot of information in a short period of time, but it did not seem rushed or forced.  I really enjoyed this course.  It was my first and I hope to do more in the future.
The course is awesome, mind-burning, and challenging. It brings to focus what ordinary accounting overlooks and broadens the accountant's mind for fraud detection and deterrence.
Fantastic course, very comprehensive. Instructors were excellent. A great course for Accounting undergrads or graduates as an introduction to this interesting and important area.
this course has gave me a new sight of accounting. The easy to understand and follow in explanation by the professor and example of fraud case. Thank you for the great education.
This course is very easy to understand and providing the in-depth knowledge of Forensic accounting,data science and fraud examination from one of the top faculties in the field.
This was a short course, but information packed. The stories really brought to life the concepts. The instructors have definitely given their heart while creating this program.
The course is very useful, includes several reminders, and is easy to follow. The only setback is the absence of feedback with the correct answers to the wrong ones in quizzes.
The Course is very useful in terms of emphasize my work and let me gain more understanding on my current work in order to detect fraud and identify internal control deficiency.
This course is very informative. It broadens your mind and opens you up for opportunities and an angle of looking at corporate crime/fraud that is different from others' view.
IT'S VERY USEFUL COURSE IN THIS PRESENT CONTEXT. I ENLIGHTENED AND GATHER VALUABLE KNOWLEDGE BY PERUSING THIS CERTIFICATION COURSES. IT WILL BE MORE HELPFUL IN MY PROFESSION.
During this  5 week course I learned more than I imagined or thought possible. I enjoyed searching for more and reading the cases, that were mentioned in the video lessons.
This is an eye opening course. It makes you to think twice about life, technology, money and people around you.  I thank all the Professors and Cousera for this platform.
Overall,
I like Coursera and I would like to take several courses on it. The course
material is well-communicated and there is a good variety of subjects on the
platform.
Not only did I get to learn a bunch of new information, but I can use the knowledge gained during this course for my current job. Thank you for all the great material !
Excellent course. I enjoyed learning throughout the course. I will look forward to doing many more courses in the future. Thank you very much Coursera Team. Keep it up.
Enjoyed this course which is articulated very well. Acts as a good primer course for someone who wants to pursue further in Forensic accounting and fraud investigation.
I enjoy the video led lectures and also the examples of day to day frauds from the criminals perspective. Thank you. I believe this will assist me in my future studies
I found this course not only engaging, clear, enlightening and informative but truly engaging. I hope to fully integrate all of the knowledge gained in my daily work.
The course covers most of the various tracks of fraud framework & is also explained in a very effective manner . The video are self explanatory & easy to understand .
I liked the course a lot.  Very informative.  Only critique I have is an analysis of wrong answers for the quizzes so you can be aware of why it was answered wrong.
Great experience with you and you have chosen the nice way of presentation. More interesting fact is that you have given the text also apart the videos.Thanks alot
I learnt a lot from the course and it has really helped me a lot in my line of duty as a fraud analyst.I would recommend anyone in this field to take this course.
Really helpful.  Got the opportunity  to go through some  / few real life examples and the got the updates.Thanks for the course material. Thanks for the Tutors.T
A really interesting topic and very well explained. It was fun and engaging. The videos were pretty easily understandable, along with a well written coursebook.
I learnt a great deal on fraud! This will help me in my job in internal controls, enhancing them to be able to provide better and a.dequate preventive measures
Learned lot of things regarding fraudulent activities and forensic accounting. Surely i can apply this knowledge in my upcoming corporate and professional life
Amazing experience in here. utors have tremendous experience and have mastered experiential learning. I can retake this course again and again. Really amazing!
Very well designed course on forensic accountingvand fraud examination. it provides and testing copceptual clarity  and its applicabiltity on topic perfectly.
An excellent course for beginners to understand the concepts of fraud and its detection by using practical case studies and well laid down teaching material.
The course is very comprehensive, covers the main content of what is offered by ACFE. It also compliments to the professionals who are preparing working CFE.
Excellent program, I learned a lot to complement my knowledge of fraud examiner. I will recommend it to any one interested in Forensic accounting and Fraud.
This course enables me to glimpse through the essential points of forensic accounting and financial crime. Thank you for such a great learning opportunity.
Great course and effective learning. Maybe a few more visuals with words on them would have been nice for auditory learners like me, but overall great job.
An eye openeryou must be intellectually ready for this courseReal life case studies with emergence of practical realities in our environment.Great course!
The knowledge I gained from this course very insightful. I believe this will contribute to my pursue of being a fraud examiner by  signing up for the CFE.
Great analytical thinking refresher, especially related to the topic of fraud detection.  Detailed video presentations and easy to follow course workbook.
The course is very effective since content has been derived from ACFE Official books and quizes are very challenging to pass, they require extensive study
The course covers and touches all the basics and topics relative to forensic accounting and fraud examination. Well structured course with great speakers.
Gracious thanks to Dr. Richard Riley, Ph.D, Dr. Richard Dull & John Gill, J.D., CFE for putting together this vastly insightful and knowledgeable course.
Fantastic! Highly recommended to anyone who would like to learn more about this topic. The course is well organised and provides good tests and contents.
The course offered a basic understanding about Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination. The concepts are well explained and caselaws were informative.
The course really helped me sharpen the skills I wanted to pursue my career in. Will recommend it to the others specially the ones in my field of study.
An exceptional insight into the world of Forensic Accounting & Fraud Examination built on latest inputs and case studies from the Real Financial World.
For those who have been working in subjects such AML/CFT, Anti corruption and other similar issues is a great complement that add value to that fields.
The course gave me great insight into the world of fraud examination and forensic accounting. The methods i learned here  will help me in the future .
Really helpful in gaining insights about concepts of the fraud triangle, how the mind of fraudster works and real-life examples were very much helpful
I will rate it 5 because it gave me an insight into types of fraudsters. It also differentiate between Forensic accounting and the fraud examination.
This course gave me insight into what Forensic Accounting and Fraud examination entails and I enjoyed every bit of it. Thank you for the opportunity
Nice course content. Examples and Case Studies were good for basic understanding. This course can give you a general idea about forensic accounting.
Very useful for my career. The lecturers are abreast with current trends in the industry and that makes it a plus. Keep up the good work, Professors
This course is very helpful to learn about the motive of fraudster, how to handle fraudster. Also the fraudster case is easy to understand. Thanks
Highly informative course on Fraud Examination, found the content, video lectures and real life examples very useful in understanding the subject.
Would be good if correct answers are shared for all the questions listed in the quiz. Great work. Wish to learn more on the same topic. Thank you.
This was a great class very informative. I've worked in specialty fraud, identity theft and AML for the last 10 years and this is right on point.
It has been a wonderful journey to understand Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination step by step, and its integration with internal auditing.
Exceptionally interesting and a challenge to acquire the right skill and understanding to the needful processes of fighting organsational fraud.
Very interesting course! Lot's of useful information. But would I like to learn more. Would be nice if you had more Fraud Investigation courses.
it was for my an excellent opportunity to obtain knowledge about forensic accounting and Fraud! All the tonics are alredy very well distributed.
The course is quite informative. The lecturers were easy to understand. I would easily recommend it to anyone interested in forensic accounting.
A very well structured course with detailed assignments and a comprehensive final exam. I wish if there were more free supplementary materials.
The instructors of this course have excellent credentials, and the research that is cited is the best in the business. Thank you for the work!
Though at the beginning my knowledge was very limited, gradually I learnt, experienced a lot about Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination.
This course is an excellent platform to know the basics of fraud and the mode of operation of itit will help you to do better in your career
Good course with very easy to understand explanations and examples. Easy to follow and the exams do test your understanding. learned a lot.
The course was very interesting and good explanations. Excellent to be able to repeat exercises and tests to improve knowledge. Thank you.
A short term course excellently presented. Would prefer a extended and a professional course  in Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination
Thank you for the course! It is full of case study and practical hints.The Quizes and Final Exam allow to check and improve the knowledge.
A comprehensively designed course along with some insightful real-life case examples for a practical understanding of the subject matter.
The Professors are very good.  The course material is very educative and of International Standard. Although tedious I enjoyed it. Thanks
very good effort from West Virginia University and Coursera and very informative and beneficial for career developmentthanks to Coursera
I found this course very interesting. It has definitely deepened my interest in fraud examination, I hope a similar course comes up soon
Well presented and interesting course.  I'm able to use the information learned in the course in my employment as Assistant Accountant.
It was fantastic learning. I thank everyone that have made such a service possible to the world. Thank you from the bottom of my heart.
A great learning experience. My only suggestion would be to disclose the correct answer for the wrongly answered questions in the quiz.
a very well designed course for a learner who want to start a fresh. It would be better if you can add explanations for wrong answers.
Great information, layout and insight into what fraud is and its classification or predators and accidentals frauds. Very informative.
This course improved my understanding of Fraud and intrigued my intrest in studying further for the Certified Fraud Examiners Course.
My only regret is that I didn't have this course earlier in my life - I would have definitely gravitated towards fraud investigation.
Great course good information to know for general concept and logic related to the topic. Good examples provided to integrate theory
Excellent course when requiring the skill of fraud detection within a working environment and the systems required to prevent fraud.
Give me new insights about financial fraud. I am interested to learn more about this subject. Great instructors who are CFE holders
My first course that was easy to understand and learn. Thank you very much for having such an interesting and knowledgeable course.
It was really insightful. The professors knew what was important. The case studies made it much easier to understand the concepts.
The course was very informative and the syllabus was well structured.  Thank you for coming up with this kind of learning courses.
High-quality overview course about fraud examination. It would be useful for auditors, accountants, managers and other employees.
I learned a lot in this course. Looking forward for more courses suitable for the field I am into right now. Thank you Coursera.
Well organized course and it will more benefit to us for our career advancement.Thanks for West Virginia University and coursera
Good course by west Virginia university, to earn knowledge related to fundamentals of Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination.
Extremely informative, and gave me a great basis to start with for my journey into fraud examination and money launder tracking
Amazing course one can go for! The professors have given the in-depth knowledge in the short span of time. Highly recommended!!
I will highly recommend this course for those who have passion in detecting fraud and investigate them further upon detection.
The instructors were precise and clear at explanations and the material provided and links availed are very useful. Thank you.
The Course has enhanced and enlarged my thinking towards Internal Auditing and Risk advisory services in which I am Engaged.
one of the best classes I have ever had. It's a very useful and informative program. Pleased to be able to take this course
It was superb. I have enjoyed it a lot. I learned a lot of new things. Thanks to all professors who have delivered and WVU.
The course is full of practical case studies which helps to relate the concepts with real world. Thanks to all Instructors.
The real life case examples are something that makes you think and a further reading helps you soak in the concepts better.
Amazing curriculum , there lesson were well designed and executed. Would definitely consider other courses offered by WVU.
Very well structured course, not boring, it keeps attention thanks to the many examples proposed and the periodic quizzes.
Exceptional content, well paced. However would have liked to learn and have more detailed content on Forensic Accounting
It was a great learning experience by opting this Course... It'll help me by grooming my Fraud Investigation knowledge..
Excellent course!  Very informative, interesting, well-structured and organized. I recommend it to all!  Thanks! 👍👍👍
It is an effective and awesome course. As a risk and fraud professional, it's really helpful to enhancing my knowledge.
I learnt a lot! Highly recommended for people who want to venture into Fraud Examining  or Forensic Accounting Position
Excellent Course on Forensic & Fraud Accounting! Highly Recommended to all professionals working in Accounting & Audit.
The course was fantastic... however, it would've been great had it been a little more detailed with more case studies.
Congratulations. This introdutory course is useful and recommended to anyone who works or has interest in the subject.
Good Content with Classic Cases. Surely it will help us to improve our knowledge in forensic accounting.Thanks a lot.
Course Content and coverage is good for beginners and people interested in developing their career as Fraud Examiners
The course is very interesting, even for professionals from different area. Also, different real cases are addressed.
Discussions are in great detail and the course schedule is very flexible allowing full participation in course work.
Good simple introduction. Course relies on already having some base knowledge of accounting and fraud investigation.
course is nicely designed and great information i have received through the course. Thank you to alll the teachers.
The course represents an introduction to forensic accounting and fraud examination. I will recommend it to my team.
An excellent approach to the theme! I enjoyed the way the subject was presented. It was innovative and compelling.
Definitely a very good course for professional who wants to pursue career in forensic accounting & fraud detection
Excellent course. Comprehensive lectures and well designed topics covering a number of areas in Fraud Examination.
An excellent course which is nicely prepared by instructors. I learnt so many additional things during the course.
Good material for newcomers, good references, and the testimonial of fraudsters enriches the learning experience.
I liked this course, because it is mostly practically based. All explanations were from the real case scenarios.
I loved this course! I think I could have done better grade-wise, but I still loved every second of this course!
Very beautiful course which provides basic walkthrough of forresnic accounting and fraud examination. Worth it.
This course is amazing for non accounting and Accounting Students also. Excellent teaching and course Material.
I fell in love with this course. it was interesting and educating. it will help an improve my analytical skill.
The content is great and easy to understand. The layout of this course works well and the professors are great!
The course was very interesting. However, I found out that this is not longer my favourite topic to go on with.
Thank you very much! Excellent course, I learned a lot about fraud. The videos are many easy to understanding
Very Educative Course for Internal Auditors and People dealing with Anti-Fraud. I recommend this course 10/10
Great course for a general understanding of the basic concepts of forensic accounting and fraud examination.
straight t the point, concepts are very digestible, professors really talk from experience, not just theory.
An excellent course with real life examples that zoomed in on many of the essentials in fraud and forensics.
great, excellent course, i recommend that to anybody even for general knowledge not only for fraud examiner
Well Structured Classes, with a perfect mix of Theories, Practical, example, Assignments, Quiz... Thank you
Great course. Through this I came to know some great thinking of fraudsters and also accidental fraudsters.
Fantastic. Very informative and interesting. Learned many new things that are applicable in all businesses.
Very Informative and precise about all the past activities that have occurred. wide scope covering videos.
This course was new and interesting and  informative like how to find the frauds act and different methods
Very important and beneficial course. Thanks a lot for providing this kind of invaluable material for us.
It is a great course to do,learning a lot.The instructors are truly awesome,presenting topics so nicely.
This is an excellent course, i was able to start my learning on Forensics Accounting due to this course.
This course help me in better understanding many areas of fraud investigation, so I recommend it to all!
Excellent. Interesting and well presented. There are a lot of grammatical errors in the quizzes though.
Very informative, well structured, a lot of important information provided in a limited period of time.
Very informative and the variation in teaching techniques and short videos helps to break up monotony.
excellent course for beginners to have a perfect picture of forensic accounting and fraud examination
I very much enjoyed the course. Well taught and good supplementary learning materials. Thanks a lot!
Really helpful for understanding some essential information about fraud examination in bussinesses.
Excellent course providing useful knowledge about fraud, the way it occurs and prevention methods.
It was awesome to be a part of Learning program and i have gained knowledge to be a Fraud Examiner
Good course on basics. Looking forward for advanced level course on Forensic Accounting Education.
Highly recommended, this course is of superb quality, thanks for the professionalism! appreciated!
Such a great course! I can apply lots of working skills with ethical thinking in my daily tasks.
An exceptional course!. I enjoyed every bit of it whilst learning a lot about fraud Examination.
Extensive learning with examples and the final test make it awesome and good learning experience
Subject is very interesting, the course is very complete and with excellent teachers. Thank you
Amazing course . Cleared all my concepts related to Forensic accounting and Fraud examination .
Very focused and gives insights in to newer fraud and forensic accounting techniques and tools.
Thank you for providing this informative course. It's the best, interesting free online course.
Extremely satisfying, with a great delivery method and positively challenging for any academic.
Very relevant course for forensic professionals seeking to sharpen their skills and knowledge.
Difficult.  The questions are worded in a tricky manner to fake you out.  I retook many times.
a perfect course to enhance our skills and to learn forensic accounting and fraud examination
An insightful course that was well-taught by the professors at Western Virginia University.
Was very helpful and the modules are presented so well that I feel like studying even more.
Fantastic course for beginner. Thanks professor and Coursera for providing the opportunity,
I learnt a lot of things from the course. The course designed in a great way. Keep it up :)
That was very useful, it will definitely help me in my further work and in depth education.
It was a great course. I've learnt the basics of fraud examination and forensic accounting.
Excellent course with real time case studies and examples, The questions are well placed.
It is a good course adding knowledge regarding Forensic Accounting and Fraud Examination.
The course is great and gives good insights on forensic accounting and fraud examination.
I love this course, making me to know better about what is fraud in another way.Thank you
I liked this course. It was well taught with fabulous example. i had fun and learnt a lot
I wish that more cases on fraud were discussed, and how they were detected by audit work.
excellent material, looking forward to seeing an advanced course on the subject matter.
very fun, the material and quizzes provided are very interesting, fun and make thinking
It helped me a lot to increase the base of knowledge and thinking capacity.Thanks a lot
It was a great course that referenced real life examples, so it was really interesting!
Good course for understanding the basics in forensic accounting and fraud examination.
Simple, great, easy to understand and professional. Looking forward to other courses.
Very interesting course. It gives you a basic overview of fraud and money laundering.
I LOVE DOING THIS COURSE AND HAVE LEARNT LOT ABOUT TOPICS WHICH WERE UNTOUCHED BY ME.
l loved this course. Having one opinoin that exam questions could be a little easier
It allowed me to learn new skills to fight against fraud specially working at a bank
Courses give you a great foundation / introduction to forensic accounting and fraud.
This is the best platform to get good knowledge related to work with flexible time.
I really liked the course! For a person working in AML area I found it very useful!
It was a great course for an internal auditor who is trying to deepen her knowledge
Good and thorough, if somewhat basic and fully theoretical. Solidly written tests.
I learnt how to critically assess data and understand fraudsters and their antics.
It was interesting and mindblowing, it has open me to more opportunities thank you
I learned a lot more than I imagined and I am super happy that I took this course!
Interesting aspects and manipulation techniques shown with good examples of frauds
This course is very good, if those who are looking career in Forensic Accounting.
A great insight into Fraud Examination. Very beneficial to a future in this field
Very Informative and presented by well informed and very knowledgeable lecturers
An excellent opportunity for those seeking a path towards a career as an auditor
Very interested course! I hope to enroll in other similar course in the future.
I really enjoyed this course and I think is going to help me a lot in my career
Some areas could have been explained in more details. But great course overall.
Short but informative and very much relevant to my work as an Internal Auditor.
Great experience and knowledge about fraud examination and forensic accounting.
awesome learning experience and a true feeling of learning & clearing the exam.
Interesting, practical information presented by academics who know their stuff.
this course very insightful for me as a college student majoring at accounting
Really insightful course that will open up new topics with real life examples.
I learned a lot from this course. Hope to avail other courses related to this.
It is a fine course and i will advise everyone to participate in the exercise.
Fantastic course. This course provides strong basis towards CFE certification.
easy to understand, pop quizzes to map information learned in between quizzes
Very informative course and I definitely share this course to my friends also
Timely and informative. As an auditor, I found the information very relevant.
Very helpful! The material is well presented and it is easy to follow through
Great experience...Course is very useful and lot of value addition for me...
The price of course is being shown different in the ios app and the website.
Good overview of fraud, relevant fraud studies, and counter-fraud processes.
It was a very interesting course.....looking forward for more such courses.
I have learned so much... thank all the Lecturers who made this successful!
Really good course. Got more insight on how things around fraud is working,
This course has helped me gain knowledge in the area of forensic accounting
An extraordinary experience to improve your knowledge in fraud examination.
Very complex but clear enough to facilitate learning and skill development.
It is perfect, because it contains good information, which is very useful.
It was overall good course and learned lot of new things from this course.
Excellent and relevant course and knowledgeable and engaging instructors.
Very informative. Another bucket list checked to my skills. #FeedYourMind
Brilliant, thrilling and love the way the instructors taught this course.
This is so informative and easy to understand. I had fun in this course.
A very interesting and quite comprehensive course. I am glad I enrolled.
Very interesting and enlightening course. I enjoyed the teaching methods
Pretty interesting course, though I think the title is a bit misleading.
It's good to  learn this course and the videos and readings are helpful
pretty good course, great knowledge and amazing instructors . well done
Th Content is awesome and the Instructors way of teaching is very good
Teachers have explained properly and real examples cleared the concept
Very focused and useful course. Will definitely help me my profession.
Nicely prepared and compiled to give the insight of fraud examination.
Very informative. Learned a lot about fraud examination and detection
Great course, essential for all auditors and fraud
fighter personals.
VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE COURSE TO LEARN.THANK YOU WEST VIRGINIA UNIVERSITY
The course is helpful and set me in a new realm of knowledge indeed.
one of the enlightening course thumps to coursera and our lecturers
Very good and simple course to make you understand complex subject.
Recommended for people who wants to know what fraud examination is.
Very useful, when you especially belong to fraud examination career
Very helpful not only for  process owners but also for auditors :)
the course was purely theoretical, it can be little practical too.
Great content and good examples in every each topic of the course.
This is the most educating course i have ever taken from coursera.
Thank you You made my day. Few more additional topic are required
The course actually worth the while. It is lucid and interesting.
Thank you very much,very interesting course for ACCA student's :)
The course is concise, educative and well taught by the lecturers
one of the most amazing and interesting courses I have ever done
Well done course that works well with studying for the CFE exam.
Really enjoyed it, especially the videos involving study cases.
Very useful course content. Was able to appreciate the coverage
Very good course For Any One to Make their career in this field
Nice and short course. Gives concise introduction to the field.
Very, very good. A excellent start for fraud awareness. Thanks.
This is a very good course, especially if you are an accountant
Challenging course - ensure you read and listen to each module
The course was is of great advantage to those doing Accounting
Very Good course content and interesting questions. Thank you.
Very Nice Course..,Thanks for approving my Financial Aid also.
As an auditor for four years, this has reinforced the importan
Very interesting and useful course. Professors have charisma!
Great course which allows me to understand more about fraud!
Excellent material but with old data. Need updation of data.
Informative and easy to learn. I like this course very much.
Not as indepth as I would have liked but was my first course
Excellent and well covered.  Very clear and concise material
Really enjoyed taking this course, The lectures were great.
Highly Informational. Thank you for providing such course.
IT WAS JUST AN AWESOME TRYST WITH THE FORENSIC ACCOUNTING!
Phenomenal presentation, I understood the concepts clearly
Very comprehensive, practical approach and dynamic course
Thank to all instructors and others who have arranged it.
It's very simple and easy to understand with real cases..
Well structured, with lots of examples and useful quizzes
It has been a knowledgeable and good course to learn from
It is an excellent training program, i would recommend it
sometimes the questions dont seem to be in the course...
Great forensic and fraud examination skills articulated.
Best Beginner Course to start in Fraud Examination Field
Excellent high quality,I learned  a lot. I recommend it.
It was challenging but I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
this course is so good in giving knowledge about fraud.
very good learning, with techniques and practical cases
Great Class.  A must for any manager or business owner.
I have gained so much insight into how to detect fraud
A good fundamental knowledge of Forensic Accounting!!!
Concepts are explained clearly and easy to comprehend
The best there is when it comes to fraud examination
Useful content, simply explanation and well designed
Very Informative content and educative case studies.
all was good. great i did understand better. thanks
excellent course for private security professionals
it is a must study course. It has enhance by value
Excellent course. I have learned a lot. Thank you
I had a really good learning experience. Thankyou
Great class, easy to follow and very informative!
the excellent course would recommend my contacts
A great course put in a highly interactive mode.
Thanks for making this course very interesting !
Awesome and one of the most informative courses.
A very informative and career enhancing course.
very relevant content and great knowledge abse
The course content was  very good and helpful
Great Insight to Fraud and Forensic learning.
It provided me a great insight on the subject
Good course to understand forensic accounting
Amazing.  Simple videos but powerful content.
A great introduction to Forensic Accounting.
Very interesting course and useful material.
Awesome Course with a wealth of information!
Great course and a really competitive exam.
excellent course, make to learn new things.
excellent course, very detailed and helpful
EXCELLENT COURSE AND WELL DESIGNED CONTENT.
The course was very informative. Thank you!
Very precise, practical and accurate course
hank you very much, very useful knowledge.
It was an excellent approach towards fraud
Extremely useful and informative course!!
Excellent topics and samples adaptability
Great material, especially for beginners!
Very informative with practical examples
Very interesting and challenging course.
It is a very good and introdutory course
Good Basic course on fraud Investigation
very good knowledge for forensic auditor
One of the best Courses I 've ever taken
A very interesting and educative course
to have access to review quizzes taken.
Very nice course, insightful training!
Very instructive and complete overview
Fantastic faculty and really engaging.
An Eye Opener. Very informative course
Surprisingly rich, hard and inspiring.
Very useful & informative!!! Thank you
Great course, make sure to take notes!
Excellent course for forensic Auditors
It was very informational and helpful.
Great course for CA students of India.
very informative and subject oriented
Thank you for such insightful course.
Awesome course. Deep but yet precise.
Learnt a whole lot from this course!
Excellent course, very useful to my.
Very Dynamic and informative course.
It was a great experience to learn.
amazing course! thank you very much
Excellent course! and very useful.
challenging and interesting course
A great course!! Worth the effort.
Amazing faculty and study material
Loved the course. It's very useful
May be hard but very useful course
informative and challenging course
Very informative. I learned a lot.
Awesome course really informative
Interesting and excellent course.
Very good explanation of concepts
I totally enjoyed every bit of it
The course is indeed impact-full.
Enjoyable and interesting  course
SORRY I DIDN'T GOT MY CERTIFICATE
Amazing course enjoyed doing it.
very informative and interesting
Great course and great teachers!
The course is very enlightening
Truly informative and educative
Whoa! Life changing experience.
Very interactive and insightful
Its a very informative course.
very good course for everyone!
Insightful and very managable.
All topics are nicely covered.
an outstanding course to take
Learned new things. Its worth
This was an eye opener course
Fantastic introductory course
Great and informative course
Exceptional teaching skills.
Very useful and interesting.
Expert learning experience .
Awesome and well delivered.
Great for Internal Auditors
Very good! Congratulations
Exceptional course indeed.
it really profitable to me
Competitive and intensive,
Great course good coverage
Really helpful for career
Must do course. Worth it.
Good course and syllabus
the best course and deta
Was a better experience.
very eye opening course!
It's very helpful course
good lessons. thank you
was an excellent course
Carrier oriented course
The course is excellent
Analytical and indepth
Very educative program
Detailed and Relevant.
Good course for CPA/CA
It’s a lovely course.
Very very informative
Very good. Congrats.
Best review system.
Very good and tough
Good Course to do.
Very informative!!
very good course .
very good, thakis
That's Very Good.
Test was awesome.
very appropriate
Awesome classes
Best short c
Good rundown
Great course
gud to know
Great job!
Thanks,
