Several mistakes in graded material and in lectures. Luckily there is a steady enough stream of us fools who purchased this course that there always seems to be "peers" willing to help with the confusion. There is no moderator responding to concerns or questions.Save your money and your frustration, don't buy this course.
TERRIBLE COURSE. So many mistakes in the content that make you doubt your work continuously and have to go to the forums to find the corrections made by other hapless course takers. I don't understand why coursera/Gtech can't issue pdf's of corrections, etc with each video. I was also locked out of submitting quizzes because it took me too long to finish the course. I was asked to either pay for it again or just get the *already free* content that anyone can access. Oh and this should be renamed: FE civil course because the breakdown definitely doesn't match the FE mechanical exam spec. I wish I was warned before wasting my money here. I was definitely robbed off my $50
Horrible course. Videos and quiz questions constantly have mistakes. We're human so that's expected, but they've never been fixed. There's no guidance or help for questions. This was posted years ago and never fixed updated. While this may help for studying for the FE, there are WAY better resources out there.  Just Google something else.
This is really Fundamentals of Engineering: Civil and Environmental. No thermo, no dynamics, no electricity covered. Many quiz questions are either improperly stated or have straight-up incorrect answers. These mistakes have been logged in the discussion forums, but no changes have been made.
The video not in good quality, and there is no PDF  or different way to have the questions.
So Many Errors in Videos and even the Weekly Quizzes. How is this not fixed yet??
Unfortunately this course leaves a lot to be desired in explanation or completely worked examples. The professor or his grad students are to lazy to show their full work just because its not the concept they are covering at the time and they often drop units on worked examples or solutions. This lack of units also makes the worked out examples clear as mud at times. No solutions provided for the quizzes which can be vary frustrating if you cannot figure out how they arrived at an answer. Given that the quizzes are multiple choice and the questions don't change its only a matter of time before you find the solution even if you cannot arrive at the solution mathematically. Overall the course helps get you in the engineering mindset which is why I gave 2 stars and not 1 but, is not that helpful if you have been out of school for more than 6 months. If I have paid for the course I would be asking for a refund at this point. Georgia Tech I am NOT impressed!
A great course, however, $50 for the badge seems very excessive and inconsiderate considering that IBM courses on Coursera provide you with a free badge for each course in Cybersecurity.
Good: Well presented, enjoyable. Bad:Prepares you for 2% of the exam by focusing on corner cases. I appreciated the course but it's just not the best way to spend your time.
IM NOT TIME TO CONTINUE
There were a few mistakes throughout each week, in the videos as well as the quiz.  If the mistakes were updated, at least in the quizzes, the experience can be improved.
The course is well made. Unfortunately, you will find at least one, minor or fatal, error in every video as well as quizzes. It also doesn't cover all the important subjects, so I would not call it an "FE Exam Review" course as the title might be very misleading. The course is good for reviewing the mentioned subjects but don't depend on it as your sole source of review.
I really liked the quiz at the end of each Topic/weeks. Lecture video could be a little longer to add more depth. Homework was very helpful in getting us ready for the Final exam, I took the course for certificate. Thanks
I am glad that this exist but notice many errors. Every chapter has at least one error. Wish the admin address these issues through the discussion forums.
The lectures do exactly what you need. He starts with just enough theory to help you understand a concept and then jumps into applying equations and solving example problems. The biggest problem is that there are examples that are wrong every once in a while during the lectures and one or two in each quiz. It's not a huge deal because sometimes figuring out where he went wrong helps you to understand the problem better. It can be annoying for some examples though.
It was super informational and really great. I just feel that sometimes the video goes a bit to fast if your trying to take notes and follow along with the videos. Also, as someone who recently took the exam once I would say that some of the questions are not on the exam but is good information to know.
Would have given a 5 start review if there weren't so many errors in the practice problems. I took the FE once and didn't pass. After going through this course a lot of the problems I struggled with on the exam were covered here. It has been over a year since I graduated and this course was a great refresher.
Solid review course to get you back into some of the topics on the FE Civil exam. Be forewarned that the professors do not check the emails of students. Many threads in the discussion forums mention incorrect problems/answers on the quizzes. Some threads are 2+ years old and have not been responded to by anyone at Georgia Tech.
Great basics review and refresher since I have been out of school for 10 years. I wish the errors in the quizzes and lectures would have been addressed (many people point them out in the discussion forums to be ignored), but overall good value if you need an affordable way to brush up.
Good overall, but doesn't cover every FE topic, and has several mistakes in examples
In overall, the course is really good because it gives you an idea of what to expect on the FE exam. Moreover, I like the fact that in the course both the SI and USCS units are used. The content is very organized and it was easy to follow. However, there are several mistakes in some examples so if you are taking the course do not feel overwhelmed. If there had been somebody to ask for help when I had no idea how to answer a problem, that it would have been great.
The course is very well organized and clearly explained by the professor. Helps refresh the memories of engineers, as well as prepares for FE/EIT exam. There are some topics in NCEES manual, which are not covered in this course. To pass the exam, one needs to do more practice problems, and this course has made it easier to solve practice problems.
Great to start most of the basics for all FE Exams. Gives great instruction so that even people who have been out of college for a long time can relearn the material fast. 4 starts because a few the examples in weeks 7 and 8 are pretty off, but plenty have pointed out these mistakes in the discussion pages
Many Example and quiz problems have wrong answers, other all is prefect, simple explanation & great content
The course is good, Examples are briefly explained. It doesn't cover a couple of subjects, but still good.
I personally like the course which include conceptual part of most of structural related topic. Thank you
Everyone has to get this if you have to revise your maths and basic Engineering knowledge
Written Material or PDFs of slides should be made available along with reference handbook
Great course for FE persuader, helpful contents with affordable price.
Perfect but just to complete some parts with examples
I think it is a good courseany one can get benefits
There are some mistakes in quizzes and lectures
Nicely explained within short courses
Excellent teaching with application
Too many mistakes but good practice
Its Very useful course
Needs more subjects
These are best videos for  the Working professional who can not devote much time reading the test material. Nicely explained !
This course was a good refresher which hit a lot of topics covered on the FE exam. I supplemented this course with some reference books and the NCEES manual and I was able to pass the FE Exam.
I am out of school about 10 years and this course helped me to brush on the fundamental knowledge of engineering courses and further encouraged me to take the FE exam with vari
This is a fantastic course that helped me prepare for the EIT exam. Thanks for providing this and it is greatly appreciated.
This is the best free course available online to review the contents for the FE exam
I graduated eight years ago and never took the FE.  After some pressure at work I decided to take it, but I didn't want to spend a lot of money on a review course.  After completing this course and doing the practice exam, I was able to pass the FE on the first try.  This review course is very good because the topics which are discussed are discussed in detail.  I would also recommend getting a review manual that goes over all the possible topics.  I had a number of questions on engineering economics.  Thank you to the professor for providing this wonderful course.
A great coverage of the essential topics for the FE exam. This course helped me refresh some of the most challenging concepts at great speed. I was able to wrap up my preparation in less than 2 months and pass my FE on the first try.
Dr. Philip Roberts,I saw my results and it showed PASSED today for my FE Civil test. I would like to thank you and your whole team (Georgia Institue of Technology) for all the effort you put together to help others to rise and shine. I appreciate your help from the core of my heart and suggest to continue the assistance for future students. I will help others like you and your team helped me...Sincerely,Abdul Khogiani,
I didn't have a lot of time to study for my FE due to my busy schedule at GaTech, but I found this 
course or at least the first couple of videos were very useful for the 
exam. I really loved the part where Dr. Roberts talked about dimensions and units. I passed the FE right after that. Thank you, Dr. Roberts and Coursera, for this great course.
Great review for the exam. It would've been easier if the sections in the Handbook were specified better. For example, when covering a topic, tell us exactly where it is located in the handbook instead of us taking time to find it.
What an excellent and remarkable experience i had during this period  thanks to georgia tech university for this amazing opportunity i hope to fully having a degree at the university sometime.
Thanks for the Excellent class and I think every student really appreciate your time doing this, helpful and we can see the professinalism in each topic. thank you!
Almost 8 years after I graduated I found this due to the pandemic and now I'm looking forward to taking the FE exam
Excellent course to revise mechanical engineering basics for competitive exams. Best wishes to team coursera!!!
This course has given me an overall view of the subject topics which is required for my engineering subjects.
This course is very helpful if you're preparing FE exam. I passed after study this course! Very recommend.
great, very in depth review, Kind of wish I had this while I was in school, would have made that easier
Great resource and very well explained.  The lessons are concise and to the point. Thank you very much.
Very good contents and very simple, helps you to study smoothly and the instructor is professional
This was one of the best resources I found for the preparation of EIT civil exam.
fantastic review course. Certainly has prepared me to pass...lets hope
Thank you so much for your time put into making this course possible
It is for sure a blessing, this course, in preparing me for the FE.
Very helpful to start reviewing and getting ready to pass the FE.
The best course out there to cover the basic engineering courses!
the session was was most interesting and knowledgable..i loved it
Really Very good sir, I gained lot of knowledge from this course
Great prep for the FE! I just passed, so maybe I'm biased.
One of the best online courses for FE civil engineers
So much better than the paid courses available
It is very brief,creative and simple . Thanks
Great refresher and guide to passing the FE
very valuable courses and great instructor
Really enjoy learning with this course.
great course... and informative course
Excellent explanationThank you so much
Awesome, and a thousand times THANKS
EXCELLENT COURSE THANK YO SO MUCH.
learned problem solving knowledge
I enjoyed taking this program!
thank you fir this great ofert
GREAT! THANK YOU PROFESSOR!
it is very good and useful
Thank you it was helpfull
Greet course.Learn a lot
Very good review course.
it's really interesting
very helpful for FE/PE
It is very helpful ❤❤
Very helpful review
Great review!!!
Great refresher
He is great !
appericiated
Its is good
