This was really underwhelming. It's very clinical and it's hard to stay engaged watching so many videos of just one person talking. For a course about User Experience taught by a person with a background in psychology, the course design is a joke and very user-unfriendly. There are no practical elements to this course. Any UX person should know that they should offer opportunities for self-discovery of material via hands-on tasks. The quizzes pretty much just ask you to regurgitate material via rote learning. I put up with it for a while but I got to Week 3 and got too bored.  I have no idea why this course has such high ratings.
I'm a graphic designer who was looking to brush up my (severely outdated) UI knowledge because of some upcoming projects. I picked this course (as well as a similar one on another platform) as the starting point. Sadly, I didn't find this course very useful even as that. Unfortunately, I also have a background in learning design, so I have a few more in-depth criticisms.Content:Overall, the content presented covered some very low level academic fundamentals and definitions, but contained very little practical knowledge or advice. It could have been further condensed down as well and successfully summarized on maybe 2 written pages, which does not reflect well on the value of the certificate.  A big emphasis is put on how important it is to understand the user's problems and define the use cases. However, in reality, this is the product manager's / product owner's job. As a UI designer, I have to decide HOW to present the solutions to the user, not define what these solutions are. In reality, an individual CAN of course inhibit both the role of the UI designer AND the product owner, but that is in no way a given. As a UI designer who is not the product manager, I'm hardly the one who decides to run a focus group. I asked myself, if the course is not for me, then who is it for? And I think I would have gotten something out of it if this was my very first exposure to anything vaguely design- or technology related - let's say high school, grade 9 or 10. (Example 1: I was just given the definition of "brainstorming". Example 2: I learned that I can cut a sheet of paper into 6 pieces to make my own index cards.) For anybody who has worked in the industry in any capacity before, I would not recommend the course.Presentation:The writing style does not fit the medium: The text works well in written form but it completely unsuitable for a video presentation. It was very obvious that the presenter read out "textbook-style" text. It is just as jarring to view/listen to as it would be jarring to read a text that was a transcript of an actual conversation.If you stick to reading the transcript further down the page instead of watching the video, no part of the text is structured or highlighted to replace the slides.The slides remain too high-level and don't visualize some of the most important information. (If a piece of information is so important that the presenter repeats it 3+ times, it has every reason to be written out in bullet-point form.)Graphics (as well as fonts and layout) look outdated, with the typical "I threw this together with PowerPoint shapes as quickly as possible" look. I don't usually harp on about these points and wouldn't have brought this up if this course was about anything OTHER than design. But in a course about user interface design it struck me as really weird how much the material apparently wasn't... at all designed (let alone designed with the user in mind).Then there were more, smaller issues, such as inconsistent capitalization and copy/paste blunders in the quizzes.I felt sorry for the professor, as she seemed very uncomfortable on camera.Seemingly no effort was made the edit out the occasional stumble, stutter or duplicate sentence.Lastly, I don't understand how a six-minute video and a five-minute quiz equate to 1-2 hours of learning for the week (even taking into consideration a quick sketching exercise). The recommended reading section with its external resources hardly counts towards this course's content.Sorry for the harsh review, but with the quality, depth and production value of free content on youTube these days, I don't think this course can compete even as a freebie. I wouldn't pay tuition for similar courses.
I was incredibly disappointed with both the course materials and the way they were presented. Videos were hard to follow, the presentation was boring, the quiz questions were annoyingly phrased and often centered around random terms which were mentioned in passing. Having completed the course, I don't feel as if I have gained anything besides a list of terms I could have easily searched for elsewhere.
This course was way too basic.  The instructor basically just gave us links to existing web content. Very disappointed in the course.  It felt like the instructor was lazy to develop a real curriculum.
Very little information shared through videos, and just a bunch of books/links thrown to the listener. I
Thereisanerrorwiththiscomment form. I started the course so I decided to finish it as I hate to leave things half complete, but the course itself was hard work. Not the subject matter, that was fine. It was the way in which it was taught, it was not a pleasure at all. Felt like my brain was melting trying to watch those videos and became a chore just trying to keep my attention. Also found some spelling errors in the transcripts of the videos and the instructor made some mistakes. One that comes to mind is her referring to 'Storyboards' as 'Studyboards' in week 4's first video. These little details are a little distracting. I appreciate that this course was offered free so I am sorry to return negative feedback but I trust it will be accepted objectively to help you improve in the future. I have to say that this was not a great advertisement for some of your other courses. I think I would prefer more proactive, problem based learning.
Only take this course if you're an absolute beginner. There is a lack of practical knowledge and examples. At best, you will take out a list of notions that you will most likely never use. I felt like I was attending the most basic PowerPoint presentation on what User Experience Design is, absolutely no satisfaction. I will definitely avoid Georgia Tech courses in the future, I can't believe you have the audacity to charge 50euros for this course. Shame!p.s. the only valuable things were the list of resources and recommended sites.
Although this course is admittedly an introduction to UX, it is still very underwhelming. Priced at £39, the course materials that are spread to 5 weeks could easily be done in 1 or maximum 2 weeks. It is hard to justify that for example "week" 5 consists of a 7mins long video and a simple quiz... "Week" 4 is 15mins... Overall, I felt let down by the lack of materials and assignments (no hand-on experience can be gained, no peer -graded assignments).
Very shallow course. Information presented in slides - very basic. Links - poor. Seems like they have been picked "last minute". Some of them don't work.
Very unsatisfied with this course. I wasnt able to build anything for my portfolio and I payed $50 for nothing. I was told I would get a certificate for paying $50 otherwise the course was free. Will not be using coursera again. I basically got my money stolen and all I got out of it was learning the difference between low fidelity and high fidelity prototypes. If I could give zero stars I would.
She could add pictures of examples. Slide reading is not a good way of teaching I think. And when it's a design related course it will be horrible if you teach only by reading slides.
Hardly any content. I don't see the point of the course.
very bad do not recomend
The language is so sophisticated and the teacher of the course don't explain some terms very well and she assume that the student know them. hope to support the text blocks with photos or summaries that help us to learn and get the big picture. Sorry no offence but the teacher made so many mistakes and not prepared well to do it. but I understand at least 60% of the course thanks to google.
The video content production came across as very amateur, lines of flubbed dialogue left in, and overall just came across as unprofessional. Very little attention to detail, you can tell this was throw together in a matter of maybe a few weeks. That might be being too generous. Here's the development cycle for this course: Talking head, garbage slides, bad green screen, lazy video production, minimal information, and now lets charge money. Thankfully I just did the free version. I will say I did learn a few things and the layout of being able to save notes from the video was nice. However I would never recommend this to anyone when you can go find all this information elsewhere and with much higher quality. If any passion or care was shown to this course to get me excited then I would recommend it but as it stands right now. This is a hard pass. I can't believe you are actually charging money for this, simply stunning.
I had no prior UX experience, this course was painfully slow and lacked content in the videos. I learned more from the reference reading material than I did the videos. The quirkiness of the lingo specific to UX is not explained well in this course. Despite being a beginner at UX, I learned very little directly from this class. I gave it two starts because at least I learned things from the reference materials.
Very basic course. Lack of practical tasks and to much of external links - instead of covering material within the lessons - made this course too short and not very involving... I get that this is Introduction, but I was hoping for more 'in depth' approach.
An introduction, no doubt. But almost no depth and surface level explanations. Even as a beginner I would have expected better structured quizzes and content.
Okay if looking to see what user experience is about, you will need to do more courses to get a more solid foundation as it isnt enough to give you that.
To give a glimpse and touch only the base is not enough. The course lacks exercises and more examples. I wish it would be much more practical.
Overall concepts and framework given, lacking hands on practice on building something with tools
Very "academic". Lack of real examples and updated materials (one link was even broken).
A little too fundamental, although the instructor does point that out in the beginning.
Very repetitive content, provide only some abstract presentation of the technics used.
VERY basic concepts. You could learn a lot more from watching a few youtube videos.
The slides are unappealing, and the class in general is not memorable.
Extremely basic delivery with bland quiz material. An easy A.
Super boring & clinical presentation of the material.
The course would benefit from more storytelling, using real examples from the industry.  It was very dry.  Touched upon the important terms of User Experience, but not as engaging as the UVA Design Thinking course.
The questionnaires were not very effective or challenging, had ambiguous options and not much scope for a case study project with this much knowledge.
This course is a useful if superficial introduction. The concepts presented are pretty basic, but foundational. The quizzes are very easy.  
The instructor covers the topic in a pleasant and clear way. I would, however, have liked examples of a more visual nature (show don't tell). Ironically, the course materials show disappointingly little concern for user experience or design. The slides look like they were thrown together in a rush and without much care for design or even spell-checking. The quiz multiple choice answers are laid out in an awful, confusing, anti-UX way. Someone should spend a few minutes fixing all of this.
This was okay for a theoretical-only and very basic introduction to user experience design. There was a LOT of repetition of previous content in every video, which may be great for some users but which was boring and annoying for me. I also found the layout of the video unhelpful (slides on the left, person on the right) and would have preferred it the other way round. I often didn't even realize that a slide had changed because my eye kept being drawn to the lecturer instead of the slides and because there was little visual differentiation between the slides (fonts, sizes, colors). The slides were often hard to read because the text was very spread out and therefore hard to grasp at a glance. There also often was more text than I could read in the amount of time it was visible (so I had to pause frequently) and the lecturer didn't always refer to everything that was shown. I did not feel motivated at all to do any of the suggested exercises, mostly because there was no feedback system for whatever I would have produced (and because the exercises weren't available in writing anywhere, just in the middle of the videos). The quizzes were fairly thorough, which I think was good. Overall, I probably would have learned the content better (and much faster) with just a few pages of text instead of all the videos because the video format didn't offer any extra benefit for me.
The information provided was comprehensive and useful, but I found the presentation to be incredibly boring. It took me several days to get through the material because I couldn't focus on more than one or two videos in a sitting. I would have liked to have seen one or two real-world examples (particularly on building a website) taken through the entire course. I liked the short videos, but I would have felt more engaged if the course included other activities such as games, concept matching, interviews, or examples of laboratory experiments.
The resources are very helpful. The contents are also interesting, but at times I found myself fighting to stay awake when watching the video lessons. The introductory part of the course (before going in depth with the 4 main points of UX Design) is specially tedious and repetitive, and I have the feeling that it could have been summarized in one third. All in all, I think as an introductory course is well worth the time. Thank you very much for making this course available to everyone.
Enjoyed the course! Crisp and straightforward video explanations. Coursework also provides ample online resources that one can revisit. I only wish there were some prototyping exercised that students could work on and then get back to each other for some peer evaluation. That would have enhanced the learning even further. Nevertheless, this course has engaged me well enough that I am interested to learn whatever the next level encompasses.
Although this course gives an introduction into UX, the course content contains many spelling, grammatical, and typographic errors. Additionally, some quiz questions can be ambiguous and unnecessary. Some questions appear multiple times in a single quiz, while others seem to be filler. They test the student's memory, rather than her/his comprehension of a concept.
This course was a good overall overview of the User Exp. Design process. It is useful for a process of proposal writing, but it didn't give me real insights into the techniques itself. A better insight into the methods (for example by short example videos) would make the course more tangible. Nevertheless a very well structured and presented introduction course!
It is a very basic course of User Experience Design, which can explain fundamentals of UX-design process. The course gives a lot of theoretical knowledge, but lack of real examples. It is a good start for those, who are interested in a new profession, but after this course you need to take another, more advanced and deep course.
It is a very nice, basic course (maybe too basic). I wish Alternative Designs and Prototyping sections were expanded some more. One feedback to lecturer is to look at the camera directly; she was constantly looking sideways to read the text. It was very distracting for me. Nevertheless, Thanks Georgia Tech!!!
Pretty good course. Enjoyable to work through with great additional resources. Spelling errors were frequent and a bit distracting and the transcript could do with another edit. No practical tasks to complete but i believe the paid version has some. Great first experience with Coursera and Georgia Tech.
While the videos were good at introducing certain concepts to a novice, I found the quizzes to be lacking in helping one remember useful information from the videos. For the reading, many articles and websites were linked to, but on more than one occasion I found these to be a bit dated.
Very good course to get a general overview of UX Design and Research.  Specific terms introduced and defined and good lists of electronic resources. Was disappointed with charts and figures used to illustrate concepts (i.e. not always easy to understand purpose of graphic or confusing).
Very basic course, could have learnt the whole content in a textbook directly in one hour. This is an explanation of some text and one method and didnt have to be a course. Could have contained more learning than just explain all basic concepts available online in Google
The information is valuable. However, it may feel a bit dated (specially the examples and the links they provide), and it might be too compact. A lesson includes too much information in a very short time, so it's a good idea to watch the same lessons more than once.
It's difficult to follow the instructor as they are reading their script. I would prefer a more natural delivery. Content was good, but I think a little more effort could be put towards the visuals as the existing diagrams were at times difficult to understand.
Good introductory class. Clearly structured and have relevant quiz questions to test on key concepts.However, I was expecting more in-depth content on these fundamental concepts, and more relevant and modern examples of these in principles in applications
While it seems this course offered a well rounded look at the iterative User Experience/Interface design cycle, the interchangeable technical jargon was ultimately confusing and I felt that a lack of definitive terms detracted from the final product.
The course provides a good overview of UX, but there are hardly any activities. The activities are limited only to Quiz. There should be peer graded assignments. Also, quiz questions need to be better.
This would have been more comfortable delivered in nine to ten, 45-minute segments. The shorter videos made the course feel endless. At least I learned that Coursera has terrible UX design.
The content is shallow, the course will be better if it incorporates real case studies and the application of UX design tools. Anyways, this is generally nice for a free course.
1 - Needs More Animations and better visuals2 - Some videos that are 8 or 9 mins long can be broken down into smaller videos of 4-5 mins3 - Needs better real Life examples.
Very basic. Good if you just want to understand terms and how the process works at a high-level. Not good if you are interested in learning how to actually do any of this.
I expected a bit more from the introductory course. I gained a slight better understanding of what user experience is all about, but I hoped to gain a deeper insight.
While the course is basic, the tests don't test user concepts (for example the order of the 4 step design process is asked 10+ times through the 5 modules)
Good introduction, I felt that a lot of the material was mostly common sense, nothing really new. (For the average unexperienced in design person.
Just the right amount of complexity for a beginner. However, the delivery was rather uninspiring. But that might come down to personal taste.
Its a good theory course but would be fun if more practical examples are given with some creative use of infographics or any other media.
Lean too heavily towards theory instead of practice. I do think peer-graded assignments work better than quiz in term of UX lessons...
Useful to get a sense of what UXD is, but not much else. It is VERY basic and also very short - you can easily complete it in a day.
The videos did not seem very interactive. The teacher just read the slides. Good as an introduction, but not very hand-on course.
The class is super thorough in terms of the basics, however, the interactions could be improved from Week 3 onwards. :)
As a product designer the concepts were not very new. But it was interesting to see how they apply to digital designs.
Good for really newcomers but also possible to catch some details for a bit experienced professionals
it is really an introductory course, therefore very easy and basic ideas
This course was too basic, despite being an introductory course.
Really basic. Only quizzes to pass no practical projects.
visualized examples? - good content but lacked engagement
Very simple overview of the UX process.
This course was quiet an easy one.
Good base to start building a site
A little too common sense.
Lack of examples.
course was great
The course is very informative, however there are issues with some of the quizzes. Some questions are worded poorly. Others give a list of answers labeled "a", "b", "c", or "d" in the question, but the options are labelled differently in the answer. Lastly, if a question is answered incorrectly, no feedback is given.
Came to this course as an absolute beginner. Learnt a lot, but had to put in a lot of effort from my side since the course itself was not very engaging. The lectures can be a bit dry and would have benefitted from real-life examples and a slightly more conversational approach as opposed to just reading off the slides.
I really enjoyed this course! The professor was clear, concise, and offered lots of visual support for the material. My only critique is that the quizzes often asked very specific questions about vocabulary which varies from practice to practice in real world application.
The teacher speaks beautifully. But, her eye movements are too evident and it gives away that she is reading it all. That reduces some interest. But none the less, this course has helped me a lot. I have gained surely. Thanks Coursera.
Very very basic but gave a good overview of UX Design. Since I took this course to prepare for an interview, it was exactly what I needed. However, I'm not sure it's worth the cost for a certificate because it's so basic.
The course provides a great base knowledge but is not practical enough. I would recommend including some small projects or home works to the course.
Good quality of lectures and easy to understand them. However, there are some spelling errors and repetitive questions in the quiz.
Too many links under "Reading"
I would LOVE to give this course 5 stars because I absolutely loved it. However, one small thing that drove me nuts makes me give it 4 star rating.  I am a big type A personality and I wanted a perfect 100% grade. For this reason I take very, very detailed notes and studied very hard. When I was taking the tests, all of the answers came to me and I knew they were right without question.  Then I would get marked wrong some answers at the end. For example, there were several questions relating to the 4 phases of the design cycle. These should very easy answers as the question was usually "What follows after the 'alternative design phase" which is an easy answer, "prototyping". Regardless it would be marked wrong, and it was absolutely impossible to get 100% and I encountered this issue on about 3 questions. I would encourage you to make sure your answers are properly programmed into the response bank
The course definitely provided a great overview and resources to use outside of class. Having transcripts of each video was very helpful, however, sometimes the transcript was incorrect and it took some video rewatching to understand the context and actual words used. The weekly quizzes were also great, however, I would've appreciated being able to see what the correct answer was after completion so I could adjust my notes. I think some of the resources are now a little outdated - some website links no longer work/require subscription or payment before viewing. But overall, I came into this class knowing very little and now understand the basic layout of what UX/UI positions demand.
The instructor was very clear in covering the materials. I loved her presence and how she communicated the information. My only issue was with the quizzes. The questions asked in the quiz did not resemble the communicated information in some of the lessons. In addition, some of the multiple-choice questions provided two sets of multiple choice answers with one set of multiple choice answers providing bubbles to click in.  Just remove one without the bubbles, they do nothing but cause confusion specifically if the multiple-choice sets of answers are not in identical order. Other than that, I enjoyed this course!
It's a very basic course but as a total beginner I'm glad I took it. Soon I'm starting stationary post-graduate UX studies and I think it was a good introduction, I definitely feel like learning more of the topic. What I missed were more examples or case studies, but maybe this was the point of the whole course to be short and basic... And I think you can easily complete the course in 2 or 3 weeks. There were some interesting articles linked in the materials however many of them were repeating the same or similar content so to me the selection of these materials looked rather random...
A good introduction to those who only have surface-level knowledge of UX Design. This course will quickly give you a working understanding of the basic processes designers follow when developing or improving an interface design. If you are preparing for a bootcamp, or want to discover what you'll be delving into, this is a great first step. My only improvement would be editing mistakes from the lecture videos and allowing students to see the correct answers for test responses that I got wrong.
This was a mini introduction to user experience design and was shorter than I expected. I had hoped it would have been more in depth. If you want to get an idea of what UXD is about, this is a great general overview. I likely won't purchase the certificate for this course as I felt that it could have delivered more hands-on practice than it did. The course did give some excellent reference material in the form of website links.
Great introductory course that touches on how to do design requirement research. Much of the materials covered were repeated from my psychology course on research design. However, there are some important design and UX jargons detailed in this course that helped me to understand better about the research cycle in terms of UX design. Overall a simple but comprehensive short course which is highly recommended.
Very short and general overview of UX design.  Pretty concise with good resources.  This course would be much better if there were more serious assignments given.  I also really wish there was a bit more direction given for someone who wants to get more serious about this (i.e. if I want a career in this, what should I do?)  I also kind of wish there was mention on the risk-management side to usability.
A good start for learners who are new to software industry but are computer-literate. Personally, being in IT industry for more than 5 years, I expected to get some more information on how the goals could be achieved, which softwares could be used and how, etc.. a little macro / high-level course for me, but I will definitely look into taking in-depth course, that the instructor mentioned.Good Luck !!!
Provided a high level and succinct introduction to User Experience Design. I found the course very easy to complete with a few videos to watch each week and very relevant and helpful reading and enjoyed testing my learning with the module quizzes which contributed to my final pass mark. I wanted a very broad and introductory level course on user experience and found this course gave me exactly that.
I took the course without doing the assignment, I only checked the material and videos in order to have an understanding is UX design was for me or not.My only suggestion would be to provide more real examples (there is som given) but more into detail, about the working areas or direct tasks that a person in this field can do as a remote worker for example. I'm glad that I did the course. Thanks
It's a very basic & foundational course. But very good for someone who's never learnt or done anything in UX before. The course material is simple, breezy and satisfying. I came away having learnt few new things. And the professor kept insisting that this is only foundational program and more advanced material should be pursued elsewhere. I recommend this course to all beginners of UX.
Thanks a lot for the great introduction to UX design. Especially the parts "basics" (week 1) and "requirements engineering" (week 2) are well done. Later parts (week 3-5) are a bit more superficial and included some errors in the testing scripts. I would recommend the course to everybody, who wants to get a first intro into the topic of UX design within a time-frame of approx 4 hours.
Very good for beginners like me. The course gives you good insights into the main process of the UX design and describes shortly, but structured some techniques that can be applied in each step. I will definately look for more advanced content. 4 stars because some questions in the tests are not perfectly understandable. For a free course this one is definately to recommend.
I liked the theory of this class and felt the teacher to really cater to the lowest common denominator, which is me. I am a complete beginner and really felt this class was helpful to me. There could have been a little more engagement -- I like the quizzes during the videos, which really make sure the participants are paying attention.
Very basic course that you could finish within a day. Provides a lot of useful links that help you expand your knowledge past the course, but the course itself doesn't really teach you too much. I recommend taking it since it's free knowledge and doesn't take long, but you can easily skip it and move on to something else more advanced.
The course is a good point to start, but i found some questions tricky for foreigners - some of questions have a difference in a single word or words are placed in another order and it is hard to tell the difference.It would be great if after course completion you provide links to other coursera courses of the same field.
Overall the course content was an excellent introduction to the topic. I have done work in this field and while I am familiar with the topics, it was good reinforcement. I would point out that I noticed some inconsistencies and typos in the PowerPoint - I don't know if this can be fixed, but it was somewhat distracting.
Introduction to User Experience Design was a very good first step to start into this interesting field of design. I really enjoyed to learn the basis about UX design from this course and the most value thing that i can mention is that this course had encourage me to keep learning more, so I truly recommend it.
It's a very concise and easy-to-understand online course for those who want to know what is User Experience Design. The quiz after each session helped a lot to freshen up what I learned. If the quiz report can show the result of why the answer is right or wrong will be much better.
A very very basic but complete introduction for anyone who just wondering what UX is, or who want to structural his/her own practice  in a logical and systematic manner.It also shows ideas if you want to understand deeper.Took me one day to go through the whole course. FYI.
This is a very basic introduction, but it gives interesting information. It presents the main elements to collect user needs and to start a design. By the way, it is strongly focused on the requirements. There are not a lot of details about the design of user experience.
A general overview of UX fundamentals. Many concepts are too ground level for a designer with an education background (even different than plain UX), yet brush them up is a great idea before starting a new learning path. Highly understandable and strongly recommended.
It was a good course to take when you were really a beginner in the field as it taught you the basics of UX design. However, some concepts were quite hard to grasp. But overall, this course was helpful for people who wanted to start learning about the field of UX.
It's a good introduction to UX Design, especially if you don't know anything about the field. It gives you the basics and the lingo that you will encounter in this field. It would have been nice to have some practical assignments, but overall really good start.
Very interesting and great introduction to the User Experience Design. My only comment is that I wanted to learn more about the visual aspects of User Experience. Overall, a very interesting course that has further sparked my interest in this field!
Some of the lessons were a bit monotonous, perhaps some visual aid may have helped to break up the lessons. Overall though, the content was sound and I did feel like I learned a lot with regards to the basic building block of User Experience Design.
Good beginner level course - useful for those interested in getting an early understanding of the field of UX before they decide on whether this field is right for them or not.Having said that the course has been kept easy to understand and quick...
Some test questions poorly structured, videos could use editing to add pauses after asking the user to perform a task or work out a problem.  Currently it just keeps playing sometimes revealing the answer before a manual pause can be initiated.
This course provides exactly what it promises, a basic introduction to UX terms and concepts. I think it does an excellent job of clarifying these ideas, but more is needed to help students decide whether they are qualified for this career.
Great introduction to the subject. Some minor issues with the quizzes, one duplicated question and some wierd stuff with choices (first you are gives a-c, then you can select one below but they are in another order. Bad UI design :*) )
I wanted to take an introductory course in UX Design because I have very little information as to what it entails. I thought that this course provided enough information to get a gist of what a UX designer does at a very surface level.
As the name says, it's an introduction course so everything you learn is not very in-depth but it's great if you're not really familiar with User Experience Design. I found the course to be easy to navigate, usable, and useful.
The course was great overall, I really enjoyed it and learned pretty well, my only comment would be that the evaluations or tests had no feedback on the answers, and that could help understand a little more about the subject.
Was not as in-depth as I had hoped. Was looking for a course with more business applications, like how to write up a PRD (Product Requirements Document). Hoping you make a course for designers/product managers for business.
Pretty good course! Only wish is that the examples were more cohesive, such as using the development of one or a couple of products throughout the whole course to see how the information applies through the whole process.
Brand new topic for me! Although the course contents are designed a bit boring. But I have purchased the book "Design of Everyday Things", and it turns out that the book is more interesting than the course itself.
Great summary introducing the overall process and lots of tools to further explore (incl. links to do so directly). In general, slides and videos could be a bit more polished and there is too much repetition.
Fast and practical. When I wanted to learn the basics of UX, this course gave me all the important elements I need to understand. Plus, I was able to start sketching right away and implement my ideas at work.
A good starter course on UX design, especially for people who have no idea what UX is (that was me!). I wish we could have covered more advanced evaluation topics, but it is not in the scope of this course.
As a novice I've found this course to be clear and concise. To put it in course terms, it's useful and usable. I would have liked it to go into a little bit more detail, hence the 4 stars and not 5.
I enjoyed this course. Thank you very much to the instructor. Lectures and teaching - 5 starts indeed, but I wish there were more examples and interactive questions leading to more practical tasks.
The introduction is on point, however, I have a feeling this course is a bit outdated. Also, missing some key points on how to make sketches of UI and there was not so much information about it.
Excellent as an introductory course, with concepts explained clearly and succinctly. A few more case studies or practical examples may have been beneficial, but overall this course is excellent.
Evaluations feedback should show why a wrong answer was wrong or right - at the moment there is no "feedback" per se other than showing the answer was wrong, which is not helpful for learning.
Explaining each and every steps was good. I feel it would have been better if some visual elements in the course material which will us to understand faster than the current teaching practice.
Very Well Done.  As an introductory course it was easy to follow and very informative.  I will be able to use this practical knowledge in my current work environment.  Thank you Dr. Arriaga!
This is a great course to understand the vital domain of User Experience and related design concepts and theories. The one take this course to further go ahead in this domain is recommended.
This course is a  very informative & comprehensive course for Beginners. it covers  the foundational aspects of UX design. Thanks to Dr. Rosa I. Arriaga  & Georgia Institute of Technology.
Very interesting course to understand how the design process work. It is useful to have an overall view, resources are also useful and you can decide on what you want to have a deep dive.
For the Quiz sections, the answers are sometimes confusing and there are no keys available for the ones you answered incorrectly to understand what should have been the right answer.
During completing this course, I felt there is a need of more common world experiences examples for specially a newbie who needs to flourish in the world of user experience design.
It was quite informative for me as a person that has recently taken interest in the subject. However, I thought it would offer a bit more in terms of designing an interface.
Good course with a high theorical aspect.I found this course interesting but there was a lack of concrete examples or experience feedbacks with respect to other courses.
A very good introduction to UX  - to get a better picture on what UX really is. Managed my expectations, initial impression of a UX course is very different - thanks !
Was a good course to introduce UE Design to me and to get to know the theory behind it.I would recommend this course to others who would want to more about UE Design.
It seems to be good introduction to get to know basics of UX. I would it be a little bit more attractive and enjoyable but all in all it's good as first step to UX.
A bit short, did help with structuring the UX process but I feel it was very very basic so probably more suitable to people that just start their journey in UXland
Nice Course to learn the basics of ux design. Also afther studing 4 years as an interaction designer, this course learn me nieuws kinds of stuff! recommend it!
Concepts are easy to understand and follow. However, I would have liked more exercises with plan of attack of a given short scenario to help with memorability.
The course is amazing; however, I lacked more examples during the sessions. It would be great to include them in each lesson and to each particular subtopic.
As a designer, I suggest that the instructor could show more examples of apps that is really effective for the user experience during the Module Prototyping.
Even when the course is just an introduction, I believe there should be more examples or tips to create surveys, interviews, etc. for data gathering.
This course has really helped me understand the basics of UX which will further help me decide whether to go ahead in this field or not. Thank you !
This is literally the introduction. It covered things i mostly knew. But its a good starting point for those who have no idea about the UX industry.
It was a good introductory course. I am giving 4 stars so that the design cycle goes around again and make the course more effortless and enjoyable.
Was able to gain knowledge on User Experience essentials like Requirements gathering, Design alternatives, Prototyping techniques, Evaluation needs
Good information, at times, would have like a bit more explanation on certain topics.. section on  presenting task findings was a bit confusing.
The course was very informative & educational. One thing that was lacking were the slides. Video went to fast to be able read them some times.
The course has addtional good resources and reading material, which was half of the learning content, otherwise it would have been too basic.
This is a very good course. It covers the main points in the user experience design and it's a good to step to start learn out this field.
Great Intro course that goes over most the general concepts of UX design. It's a good starting place to get your feet wet in this field.
Clear introduction to the process but the occasional typos were really rather glaring and took away from the credibility of the course.
The contents are great, but the presentation seems to be somehow monotonous, which makes it difficult to keep focusing on the subject.
It was very well designed and organized but some parts were superficial like module 3. I think it needs more details and explanation.
As it states an Introductory Course, that touches base on few topic that might help you deciding and planning your course of action.
Great course to start into UX Design fields. But still need some practical application before I can move to the next level courses.
For someone who has no prior knowledge in User Experience, this course lets you dip your feet before you deep dive into the ocean.
It is very useful if you are new for UED. It will help you building up framework, and tell you some fundation defination of UED.
Rosa is so good! I learned a lot in this course. Thanks Cousera & Georgia Tech, to make this courses available for everyone!
The content is very good, but the interaction and doubts posted in the fórum are forgotten by the creators of the course.
More detailing on how to design alternatives would have been useful. I felt like I did not learn much about that aspect.
There should be a review system like assignment for alternative designs , prototyping , creating survey , evaluation.
excellent presenter, high level concepts made easy through real examples. Only downside was quality of transcripts.
It is a fundamental class, quite easy to understand for people who don't have any background about user experience.
Great way to be introduced into the world of UX design. I enjoyed the course a lot and it was very easy to follow.
It is really helpful if you are just trying to get to know what user experience research and design is all about.
A fair well-designed course covering the basics. I believe, better detailing on the quizzes would be beneficial.
took less than few hours to complete! Clear and easy explanation helped me to grasp basic concepts of UX design
The course was good. The issue was the predominant verbal explanation but very little visual exemplification.
Easy to follow, good teacher, good content. I would suggest to include  more real examples for each concept.
More practical usecases would have been engaging. Otherwise, knowledge wise good for introduction course.
Pretty good dive into the basics, my only issue is that the pacing could have been a little bit better.
A little bit repetitive/ vague at times, but good as a general introduction, which it is meant to be!
A good simple introduction which also lists some useful resources. Well presented, logical and clear.
Good introduction to terms used in design cycle, sometimes lecture wouldn't relate to quiz questions
Very informative and insightful. Wish I could get a badge after I have completed the course, though.
It was just enough info to validate and to enhance my current level of understanding of UX Design.
The course design is very good. But the course costs very high from the Indian rupee perspective.
Good to know basics for beginners. I found it useful to get a general idea of what UX design is.
Course questions were not very easy to understand sometimes, hence leading to erros in answers.
Sometimes a little confusing with the swap of words. Good because there were consistent recaps.
This was a great intro to UX design. This was a nice platform to launch into UX design further.
Not a bad introduction, evaluations were too easy. Would have liked something more challenging
Great course for basic and fundamentals of UX. Might need more practical hands-on experience.
Very nice. It was easy to understand and the concepts were well explained. Highly recommend.
very basic. the material was presented very well but the course barely scratched the surface
This class is quite easy to learn and understand. Each concept is explained in a clear way.
It is very fundamental and easy for the beginners,also helpful but not very interesting...
it was good but but could be better like videos done by youtubers AJ&SMART, FUTUR etc,.
I like the course but i think that the third week is a little poor and not very clear.
Very good introduction to the subject. The explanations were a little fast and rough.
Very introductory, lightly touched on UX Design. More suitable for total beginners.
more interesting if the quiz more on case with pictures, not only multiple choices
Solid beginners course. This is the best course I've taken on Coursera so far.
This was very useful for understanding the basics of User Experience Design.
Lots of great materials and links.  Some links are not not working though :(
Good course, gave me lots of perspective on design in a systematic approach
Great introductory Course for starters into the field of User Experience.
More examples would be greatly helpful in understanding this discipline.
Exceptional in term of clarifying basics within the limited time period.
Understand about what we should do to make the product useful and usable
Very good introductory course, it has helped me a lot! I recommend it.
Basics of UXD are neatly covered with simple examples and narratives.
Enjoyed the course, but wish the slides were available as a download.
Great Course for a Beginner User Experience Designer!!#RudigoStudent
Very useful for beginners, simple and clear examples and language!
Neatly done course. Though it covers only the basics as it says.
This is a good lesson that who want to know a Fundamental of UX
Easy to understand and quick to study. Good general intro to UE
Great course to brush up your basics in user experience design
Very good option for people seeking basic knowledge about UXD
quite interactive, i felt like i was in an actual classroom
Please add a graphical representation for Affinity Diagram
more examples and diagrams would be good . great content
A bit too formal although the material is simple enough
Usable for the basic understanding of user experience!
Good for beginners to get an idea of what is involved.
I was looking for inputs on Design Thinking approach.
Good basic intro. Does not take too long to complete.
Very basic but a good place to start in the ux world
a bit of a hard time trying to understand week 3
Great way to get the basics down on this topic!
A good course for introduction to UX designing.
Explained in very simple terms with examples!
Good high-level understanding of the process.
it is very easy but useful for new learners!
Great for start in the field of UX design
Good course for anyone new to this field.
A nice introduction to a new area for me
A basic, high level but useful course!
Still dont have an idea of the concept
Great course but needs to be updated.
Short but helpfull introduction to UX
This course is totally theoretical.
good and concise intro to UX design
An Informative Introductory course.
Very nice introductory knowledge.
very interesting and informative
Great course, very informative.
It's a good introductory course
Great course for UX beginners.
Satisfactory but a bit flat.
crisp and fair to understand
Simple and easy to learn.
Good content and delivery
Nice ! Learn from basic !
Wish it had more projects
Very basic but very good
good course for beginers
Material is really good
good for introduction
Good overview of UX.
A good introduction
Great intro class.
Entry level course
very good intro
good learning
The one
The professor introduces the concepts of user experience in a very structured, practical way that I'm able to immediately apply as I conduct user research in my role as a product manager. The course was quick, and I was able to get through most of the content in less than two days, which was perfect for my purposes.As a note of caution, the value you get out of this course will be highly dependent on your goal. If you are looking for a quick way to learn fundamentals about user experience, this course is perfect. If you're looking for an in-depth course teach you to be a designer and give you hands-on assignments to practice these concepts, this is not the course for you.
The best introduction classes, gives an overall idea about UI/UX. Grateful for the efforts taken by the Georgia Tech and Coursera. Looking forward to see more courses related to my career. Thank you.
This is an insightful introductory course to User Experience Design. While it is just an introduction, the lessons and the examples provided were comprehensive, leaving you with a thirst for more.
For an introductory course, this is very efficient and effective in learning terminologies and get a good high-level understanding of Process, types and common techniques used in Design process :)
I am in the creative field, an architect and an urban planner. User interface design did not just help me understand the importance in a computer enhanced user interface but also in developing better solutions in every interface that a user come across. I personally loved this beginner course and the reading materials that was shared through this course. I look forward to learn more in the upcoming advanced sessions. Professor Dr. Rosa I. Arriaga did an excellent job in explaining UX design terms in the most simplest way to understand. Designing cannot be ignored as a separate field, while it is a part of even the tiniest task we carry out. Every small task involves a user experience to it. Hence, I would definitely recommend this course anyone who has an eye for design.
This course was exactly as described.  It provided a good overview of an approach to User Experience Design and helped to familiarize the student with relevant terminology.  The time commitment was minimal (I think the estimates provided are on the high-end for time required), however, there was a lot of information provided for someone new to the area of study.  After taking this course, I would an expect an individual would have a good idea as to whether they wished to pursue a more in depth study of the topics presented.  Key points were reiterated throughout, the video presentations were well done and the quizzes were just challenging enough to ensure you paid attention.
I liked the professor a lot and she is enthusiastic about this topic. I like how the course took a definition/model of design and then broke it down, with each week focused on a part of the design process. There are lots of links to additional information, some of which are quite good.The information is covered very quickly and it would be nice to have it presented a little more slowly with examples to illustrate the concepts. The final week, the evaluation phase, could have been longer.I could see how this sort of course would be great with an actual design project.  For an intro to the topic, it was interesting and informative.
Dr. Rosa Arriaga is super arcitulate teacher!! (And super stylish:) Thank you so much! Especially for repeating key points several times - that was very useful teaching technique. I was a complete novice in the UX field and I understood everything from the course easily! Maybe it was because I have a degree in Psychology and some phases of UX are very similar to concepts of experimental Psychology.The amount of information is rather small so it is indeed only an introduction to the field so that you can understand what UX design is all about in general.
It is a good course for anybody starting with UX Design or wants to brush up their knowledge after having worked on it ( as an involvement).For somebody seeking a base(strong concepts hold) value from this course, will reap tremendous benefits from the quizzes as well. As they are designed to be, both to brain exercising and encourages an ability to develop a greater understanding of UX Design.Best Part: It embeds nicely and firmly into your heads if you grab the basic concept of her teachings.
That was my first course on Coursera, and I must say that was a very good start that gave me the motivation to continue studying online. The program of the course is well structured and gives a clear understanding of what UX-design is. You can't land your first job in the field right after completing the course but you'll get the directions in which you can develop your skills and knowledge. I highly recommend this introductory course for everyone who is thinking about a career change.
really enjoyed this introductory course. Quizzes were relatively easy and straightforward and for the most part avoided the "gotcha" method. They were mean to make sure you understood the broad concept. Enjoyed the professor's speaking style. would've enjoyed more real world examples such as Norman's Door in the intro (maybe a picture of the door he referenced and why its design was poor). but overall a good intro and has me interested in learning more about CX and UX.
This course was very real, current and useful in my life. The content was well structured & delivered exceptionally well. I liked the fact that it was both theoretically robust and practically inclined, the examples utilised where relatable and easy to follow. I also appreciated the passion is the delivery of the course by the lecturer, her enthusiasm made watching all the videos worthwhile. Thank you for this introduction- it made a significant difference in my life
This is my first attempt to do any online certification and I was really confused before starting this course but after completing my certification. I must say it was totally worth it. I have learned about lots of new tools which I previously did not know about and also learned lots of new techniques to apply on making a new system. I will definitely do more certifications in this field to learn about more new skills.
Great course and a very skillful instructor! Content is well presented, concise and on-point while the teacher is regularly reviewing the goals of the design and connects them with each of the topics, creating a very strong sense of coherence. The content itself gave me a very solid understanding of what User Experience is about and definitely gave me confidence to become a better designer in all things related.
Very clear and thorough introduction overview of UX Design. I learned a lot from the quality lectures of the professor and the user friendly interface Coursera makes the learning experience awesome. Each lecture has a built in reading and highlighting function which makes is easy for every of for learning.  Also as easy note-taking features! Highly recommend this course to anyone interested in UX Design!
A very intuitive, yet full of theory introduction of what User Experience Design means. If you are not familiar with Design or you want to know how to properly start implementing your User Experience Design process this is the place to start. I really liked that almost all the concepts in this course were accompanied by an example to help you better understand how Design is a data driven process.
This instructor has engaging presentation style and did not overwhelm with information in each of her videos. She was able to provide some great resource links to sites that helped further explain some of the complex subject matter. She chose sites that I thought matched her style of presentation.  I feel more comfortable discussing some of the terminology and ideas of the design process.
This course is amazing and very well spread out. Professor Rosa explains each module very clearly and understandably. Regular quizzes at the end of modules helped me a lot to brush up my learning. I am sure this course will help me a lot towards having a good foundation in UX research. I am looking forward to more courses through Georgia Tech. Thank you again for such a wonderful course.
Perfect course to start with UX. Concise and understandable videos reflecting topics and sufficient amount of extra materials to deepen understanding and key concepts. The combination of included videos and articles really gives an opportunity to create a holistic picture of the UX design for those who has little or no experience in the area.
Great Course. Nicely presented and very informative. Enjoyed it.Opportunity for improvement would be being able to review the quizzes for the answers you got wrong. (ie you got 8 out of 10, but you'll never find out what the answers were for the 2 you got incorrect. It would be good for learning outcomes to understand where you went wrong.)
I'm almost finished with all of the lectures and the course gives a really good introduction to the topic. What I like is that at the beginning of each video the learner is provided with a recap of the essence of this course and a short summary of the previous lecture. Its perfect for beginners and the level is not too demanding at all.
This course was a great introduction to user experience design and the methods to create informed design with user input and feedback. I truly believe to create the best design you need critical data from users prior to , during, and after the design; this class taught me how to utilize the 4 step UI design process to do just that!
Best course that would definitely be an Eye-Opener about User-Experience Designing. Kindled more and more interest towards the subject. Concepts taught are fantastic and very clear. I would really recommend this course for those who have passion towards User Experience designing. A big thank to the mam who taught me this course.
Very informative, filtered necessary material content is provided in the session. The language is easy to understand the terminology and concepts for those who are new in the field. Highly recommended to those who want to know what this career is about and what to expect in the future. Thank you for the professional work done!
A wonderful experience of learning UX with ease. I have been learning the UI design piece myself  ( mostly HTML/CSS and Bootstrap) and this UX design added a new vision towards my learning. Being a manager and working with my team and learning all aspects of engineering/design and operations gives a boost in career. Thanks.
Rosa, the instructor conveyed the concepts with easy-to-grasp language and presentation. Her expertise in the subject is very evident in the course. I sped through the course in a matter of days. The learning resources provided helped in increasing my understanding of the subject - Effective, Efficient, and Easy to Apply!
Very good instructor, easy to follow and to remember what was explained. This course fulfilled my expectations by giving a good overview on the topic and a basis for further studies. I also liked that the tests were not too easy and covered all the topics explained in the videos. This makes it easier to remember them.
I think this course is great for those people that had never had interaction with the field of HCI. I'm enrolled in the GaTEch masters in computer Science and thoroughly enjoyed this course because of the wealth of information as well as resources. The instructor was very calm, encouraging and delightful.
If you're looking for an introduction, this is it! I supplemented the course by listening to Don Norman's "The design of Everyday Things" and both were wonderful. I plan to take a boot camp in UX this year, and now I feel a bit more prepared for the challenge! Thanks to Coursera-it was easy on my wallet.
This is a easy, simple but great course for people who are interested in Ux and have no much knowledge or experience about it. This course gives me a basic overview of User Experience Design and some basic techniques. I hope Georgia Tech could provide more advanced course regarding Ux on Coursera.
This is a great introduction for a professional who seeks to understand his co-workers in UX. The concepts are explained clearly and concisely, everything that is presented in the course is useful and to some degree builds upon previous material. Recommend to those who are interested in the topic.
The course covered everything theoretically a beginner should know in the User Experience field. The instructor was detailed, clear and very pleasant to listen to. I have learned so much by taking this course and I highly recommend it to every UX beginner, to deepen their theoretical knowledge.
I have been a 'self taught' UX specialist for a very long time but was lacking the understanding of UX jargon. This introductory course covered the fundamentals from theoretical as well as practical angle. The instructor was pleasant to hear and watch because of her excellent teaching style.
I love the way Dr. Rosa explains everything step by step and for the assignment, if you fail you have  3 attempts to redo the assignment.We are currently redesigning our app and what I have learned is going to add value through my design thinking process.A lot of thanks to Georgia Tech
I feel the course was a great way to get an introduction to user experience design. The additional resources are really interesting and offer great insight into the topics discussed in the course. The modules were very straightforward and I really enjoyed Dr. Arriaga's explanations.
First,I want to appreciate the teacher of this course.It is very easy to learn and now i probably understand basis knowledge about Interactional design.Second,via this course, I think I love Interactional design,I will learn it deeply.Thank you again~  From a Chinese students.
Really amazing introductory course to someone who had no prior knowledge of what User Experience Design is. This course covers all the fundamentals and key terms you need to know about UX Design, with lots of good information from other websites and sources. Highly recommend!
Straight forward and to the point, just the way I like it. There was some transcribing errors and the teachers's accent and language use is confusing at times. But that being said still a great coarse and I will recommend it to anyone wanting to know more about UX Design.
The course delivered what it said it would. One request would be to provide PPT's of the video session for download. It would be helpful.  I'm little more confident than I was before I began the course. Now I'm set tol explore more about the field. Thank you Georgia Tech!
Very crisp and on point! It's always a good idea to brush up your basics and I feel this course is perfect for that! Or if someone is stepping in the field of experience design, this course surely provides good information in a very efficient manner! Love the faculty.
One of the best courses I have ever taken, it is an introduction but feels like a wonderful in depth journey, Rosa is an amazing lecturer! thank you very much, I have learned a lot from this course! I am certainly going to come back and refresh, it is fabulous!
Nice course to understand the basics of User Experience Design. Very detailed explanation of each subject, and the reading material provided was really good. I think though that to really understand how a good experience design works we have much more to study.
It is an intro course, but a really good one. The information is concrete, some main ideas are repeated numerous times through the course and that helps to remember them well. Also one of the advantages is that t is easy to complete this course in 1-2 evenings.
Amazingly well put together and concise. Not stuffed with quotes as filler or echoing personal opinions. References are from within the field of UX. I recently started the UMich UX specialization and this one from Georgia Tech is so much better on introduction.
This course is very easy to understand. Even though I already work in the design industry for years, I discovered that this is one of the best methodologies I have ever learned. I can use not only user experience design but also the other fields of design too.
Thank you so much for all the information presented in this course. I could understand better how to perform while experience a new feature in the system or even how to evaluate all the data and information gathered while applying the knowledge acquired.
I really enjoyed how I can go through this myself and was able to go back and re-watch videos with ease. It was at my own pace and I really enjoyed listening to Dr. Rosa Arriaga. She was extremely easy to understand and made the course very informative.
This course really help me understand the terminologies and the main core concept of UX design. I highly recommend anyone who wants to get started in UX to try this course and I want to say thank you to Coursera for putting out free educational course.
This course is concise and comprehensive. Could serve as a sort of  "bedrock" of academic knowledge on the subject. Touches on the introduction and interesting beginner-level topics just as its described in the title. I would highly recommend this.
Dr. Rosa is supper teacher in UX field. I loved to way of her teaching quality. Fantastic course of UX introduction is really good with in-depth knowledge.  I would like to refer this course specially for new learners! Great Regards,Niranjan Gohane
This course contains a brief overview of what User Experience Design is. The contents are delivered clearly, the quizzes are good and challenging. It's very helpful and easy to understand for a newbie like me. Thank you for providing this course!
Really informative for an introductory course. The lectures are easy to understand and follow. The readings are really helpful resources, and interesting as well. The quizzes are little confusing, judging by how the questions are structured.
The course was a good introduction to me, who has never inquired so much in UX design. I think it will help me a lot with my new interface creations. Would totally recomend it to anyone who is new in this field, as good introduction to it!
All the videos where clear and easy to follow and understand. The reading material was really helpful to understand in a deeper way the course terminology and concepts, I feel very satisfied and I want to learn more.Thank you very much!
It is very useful for novice learners to learn new terms, definitions about User Experience Design. You can't be an expert right away after this course but you can know the basic concepts as well as the process to build good UX Designs.
Very good Introductory course. Provides you with all the basic information about User experience design as well as a list of very useful resources. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to start a career in the field of UX design.
Despite of fact that this course is very short, but the theory that is given here is very strong. I was making notes in my synopsis book all the time. I feel that this course in general was a bit too "dry". Nevertheless, recommended.
This course was an excellent overview of UX design concepts, and gave me the right amount of information for the length of the course. I found all the material worth viewing, and am interested in learning more about the field of UX.
I have no background of user experience at all, and this course helped me a lot to get to know better about User Experience fundamentals. The class is enjoyable, and I learned many great things from this class. Thank you so much!
This course was a great intro to user experience design. It paralleled a user research projects I was participating in and clarified the steps being used. It also didn't take long and I was able to fit it in my busy schedule.
A great course for anyone just starting out in UXD. You will learn the terminology fairly quickly, the resources are a wonderful source, the quizzes help the course's lessons sink in. All in all, you will not be disappointed.
This course provides a very clear overview of what UX Design entails! Recommend to people who want to understand what UX Design is and what it involves! Instructor explains very, very clearly. Definitely recommend!!
This was excellent introduction to the process of user experience design. Dr. Arriaga is an engaging instructor. I appreciated how weeks 2 - 5 focused on one step of the 4-step design process. I highly recommend .
The course gives an excellent overview about the basics of UX Design. It is a great Introduction for anyone who is new to this field as it provides helpful sources and a well-explained understanding for UX Design.
I really like this course! This is for beginners who are looking for where to start, what exactly User Experience consist of. For me, I really enjoy learning about the research part and prototyping. Great class.
the course really helped me to learn the basics of user experience design and the amount of resources availability was so amazing. This journey was completely worthful. Looking forward to more courses for sure.
The course has been designed lucidly for a beginner to get to understand the principals. It will help lay good foundation for working out good designs for an efficient, effective and satisfying User Experience
Rally happy to have found this subject online. it has helped me to clear my basics about what user expects and how that expectation can be translated into an experience by improving or redoing the designs.
Excellent presentation of the material. Concise and to the point. I wish there were more courses by this professor in depth for FREE. I know, I know, I want a lot. :) Thank you for a great introduction!!!
The course design is very good, very suitable for beginners, through learning ,I master the four steps of the interface optimization , and the method of each step needs ! Thank you very much for sharing!
Thank you so much Georgia Tech for making this video. It was really informative and helpful i even started my first UX Research project because of this and thanks coursera for providing this for free. :)
course summarizes a good understanding of basic criterias to be met for a successful ux design and what are the key steps involved. must recommend for a novice rather than directly jumping into designing
The course is good for beginners and although sometimes the amount of information can seem a bit too much, it pays off to get to the end of it. I would definitely recommend it if I would have the chance.
This is my first course completed on Coursera and I'm greatly satisfied with the learning material and the course structure. Thanks a lot for the opportunity to study for free. Do do really a great job.
Very well presented course. I took in a lot of information. A little more guidance would have been helpful when completing the projects, but overall I am very pleased with this course and instructor.
This course is particularly good. It gave me all the insight needed to pursue a more advanced UX curriculum. The reading content is very interesting and can clarify many topics covered in the videos.
It was fair introduction to UI / UX. I moved away from front-end development a long time ago but wanted to know about the new techniques used prior to starting that sort of development these days.
Loved the course, it was both didactic and interesting. Really peaked my interest in UX design, now to find more about the subject! PS: Ms Arriaga is a lovely teacher, and also has great outfits.
Great introductory course, with lots of challenging material for non-tech majors/ backgrounds. Very informative! Slightly repetitive lessons and long length of lessons are its only drawback. :)
This is a quick and easy way to educate yourself on the basics of UI/UX.  It only scrapes the surface of the beginning process of creating design, but it leaves you wanting to explore more.
This course does a wonderful job of using real world examples to better explain the theory. I came into this course somewhat familiar with UX design and now I am eager to learn more. Thanks
Great introductory course. It is taught in a way that is straightforward and easy to understand. I highly recommend it to anyone looking to start their journey on the subject of UX Design.
Great teacher, great short course for learning the lingo in the field. I recommended reading the books mentioned at the beginning of the course simultaneously with doing the course work.
I liked how the overall framework and the context was well maintained all throughout the course. I always knew the context w.r.t the overall framework. Very good design of the course.
I completed this course in order to brush up on the fundamentals of a course I completed year ago. This course was interesting, engaging and easy to move through. I highly recommend!
This was my first course ever on User Experience. I look forward to using the recommended resources to learn more on the topic. Dr. Arriaga made this content very easy to understand.
Great refresher course. I am passionate about User experience design and trying to update my knowledge, having been away from this for over a decade. This course was perfect for me.
I enjoyed the way Dr. Rosa laid out the course material. it is structured and intuitive. I wish that Dr. Rosa added a summary for the major steps and points because that's what I
Excellent the way how the course topics were distributed and organized. But the best was the speaker, very clear and love how she made a resume of the previous class and topics.
A great foundational course, which provides an overview of the UX Design process. It is great for people who have no prior experience in this field. I really enjoyed the course.
Clear instruction on the basics of user experience design.  The right amount of information was presented for the beginner course - concepts were repeated and explained tho
The course content was really helpful for beginners. It would be great to see some real life examples like how companies are using these steps to achieve user satisfaction.
A good course for the introduction of User Experience Design! It is easy to follow, and the quizzes after class are useful to help me review the knowledge in the classes.
i have enjoyed this course, very interesting i recommend it for all people who want to obtain aa horizontal view of user experience. thank you georgia tech and coursera.
Really good introductory course to user experience design! I have understood a lot of aspects related to design that will allow me to work better with the design team.
The videos were quick, easy, and informative. They are a good overview. The website links were much more in-depth and very helpful; I foresee using them in the future.
I am a product designer and found this course very relevant, easy to understand and has great referencing information. I will be continuing my learning in this area.
Useful course especially for engineers who are involved in the functional design of the software. The course lets them understand the importance of usable software.
The course was very informative for a beginner, and Dr. Rosa explained the topics clearly. I enjoyed the provided resources as well. Thanks for such a good course.
As an introductory course, taking this course was a great decision. it covers all the essential material for user experience design within a short period of time.
Really great course for anyone staring UX design. Covers all the basics in-depth with suitable examples. Ample resources and quizzes are really well structured.
The course is very well versed. It gives you an overview of User Experience Design. Looking forward to dive deep in the concepts and pursue career in the field.
I enjoyed this course as my first course on Coursera. I've been interested in UX Design as a software engineer. I could see briefly how UX design process works.
This was a very good introductory course as it was strictly introductory, so no complicated terminologies were used. Thank you for keeping it plain and simple.
It was a really good introduction course to User Experience Design. This course made me want to take more courses and dive deeper into User Experience Design.
I started the course without pretension and I was surprised, very good content, and examples provided were great so I could learn some usability techniques.
Simple and informative overview of the whole user experience design process. Very introductory, but is organized in a well-balanced summary of the process.
This is the 1st course in Coursera  that offered a comprehensive resource list. A very great instructor that made the course fun and easy for a beginner.
This is a nice beginner level course to understand basic terms, processes and overview of a lot of techniques which are part of User Experience Design.
Thank you very much for producing the excellent course. It was extremely clear and informative and delivered in a very engaging and stimulating manner.
Great introductory level course, including some practical take aways and references to improve UX design approach in a client or professional setting.
Seemed like a great introduction to the world of UX. Some strangely worded/formatted questions, but besides that, it was a fantastic course to follow.
Excellent coverage of the topic. Learnt the basics about User Experience Design and will opt for advanced courses based on the learning from this one!
Is a very useful course for people who are interested in UX, the teacher, the material and the summary are complete to introducing you in this world
Easy and clear introduction. Really enjoyed the video's as it was explained very well. Good questions, not super easy but not to difficult either.
I am so glad I took the course! The Professor was great! Now that I have taken the course, I know I am better equipped for software development.
Thank you so much for this lesson, it really help me a lot for understanding user experience design especially on 4 user interface design cycle
Kind of easy, a little tedious at times, could be a little more interactive. But just what i was looking for, now i have an overall ideal of UX
Simple to understand and concise enough for a intro course.  Each modules are of the appropriate length of time - not too long or too short.
A good starting point for people who are new to UX! It's a good course that open the way for better understanding the concepts of UX design.
Great introduction to UX/UI Design.  I throughly enjoyed the course and highly recommend it to anyone considering a career in UXD.  Thanks!
Good overview course.  It would be nice to recommend specific follow on courses to take for those interested in learning more about UI/UX.
As a programmer, It's very hard to me to make usable designs. This course helped me a lot  giving me a new approach, which is UX design :)
Superb content and delivery, the teacher is amazing at explaining, engaging and looks really friendly on top of that. Thank you so much!
Perfectly crafted for learning. Definitely a must take course for all the new to field  UX Enthusiast. Thanks Coursera and Georgia Tech.
That course is full of information.. I hope that will be enough for me as a begginner.Thank you too much, good luck with new students :)
Very good introduction to User Experience! Thank you for educating us, I now have a framework if I have any UX projects moving forward.
Excellent course which covers the basics of UX. Essential for anyone new to UX. Also gives ample and quality resources to delve deeper.
Good introductory Material to UIX, with astounding presentation. A refresher of some sort to me, don't regret for taking this course!
Direct but abrangent course. Gives us a wide vision of the matter and shows where and how to get deeper  into it. Good introduction.
In addition for my Industrial designer degree, the course presents a much accurate introduction approach to the UX Design universe.
It was very clear and detailed. The Instructor's examples and demonstrations made it easy to understand. Great Introduction course.
I have learnt a lot from this course and it includes many rules of user experience design, which is pretty useful for new learner.
The professor illustrated all the terms very clearly. And this course is perfect for entering the field of user experience design!
As an introductory, it offers the basic info of UX design and made me interested in it. Look forward to  related advanced courses.
Great introduction to UX design. The concepts were easy to understand and the material was delivered in an easy to follow format.
Its very good course but examples are little tough. make it more simple for beginners.  Thank you for giving such a good course.
Very nice introduction or refresher.  Content well organized and easy to follow.  I really appreciated the resource links pages.
As an introductory corse I had hoped for a bit more, but the instructor was well spoken and the content was easy to understand.
Great course. I took it in a couple days and was enough to have a general idea of what the UX process englobes. Good teacher.
the course was interesting and really easy to learn. I would recommend it to beginners who wish to start  learning web design
i loved it, i was like a zero when i started this but after this course i can safely say i'm a 15 which i believe is amazing
Well summarized and helpful in understanding the core fundamentals of UX design. Definitely on the light side for beginners.
Incredible introduction! Just what I expect, it open up my mind and teach's me the the way to continue acquiring knowledge.
fantastic course providing the necessary knowledge to beginners interested in User experience design. Highly recommendable
This course was an excellent introduction to UX/UI. It has encouraged me to pursue more courses in this field. Thank you.
The outline of the course and content was super clear and easy to follow even for beginners with zero design background.
Really interesting course for a novel in this topic. Thank you for the valuable information provided during the lessons!
Very clear and easy for me,  as I'm very new to this field. By taking this course, I learned how to conduct a UX design.
Great videos that walk you through and introduce you to the User Design Experience.  Supplied reading was very helpful.
Concepts well explained, clear and logical: fine structured. It seems short but it's rich of concept and definitions.
Excellent introduction! I enjoyed the class and feel like I walked away with an understanding of the Design process.
It was really interesting and useful. And after this course I think, I want to continue to learn this topic, thanks.
Very useful course that gave a nice insight into the broad area of UX. Very good starting point for further studies.
Very well curated for UX fundamentals. This is for beginners to introduce them to basics of user experience design.
This course helped a lot in understanding what is User Experience Design and how we can get started in this field.
A good introductory course. Must be followed up with hands-on exercises and more specialized courses in UX design.
Great! The Course is easy to understand and have a great value for those who want to learn User Experience Design.
This course really helped me in learning the process and techniques need to be followed in use interface design
Very informative course. Its a perfect way to begin learning about the very basics of User Experience Design.
I find this course very good and useful to start learning about UX design, very short, clear and informative.
I really liked this course because it was clearly explained all the basics aspects of User Experience Design.
It really easy to understand the introduction to User Experience Design for the beginner like me. Thank you.
Professor Rosa was so explicite and clear. She' s so professional. I would like to take more course with her
Let me have a preliminary understanding of user experience and learn some English vocabulary and expressions
If you need a quick and basic course for UX Design, this is it. You can finish this course in a week or two.
It will be very useful for all UX/UI beginner. I will recommend my colleagues to do this course. Thanks Team
I quickly understand the steps of the user experience design with a simple but meaningful material carrier.
Was well structured and straight to the point. it was easily relatable to various industrious and products.
Really great course! The content was easy to follow and the instructor was great in getting points across!
Good courses to learn User Experience Design for beginner, The material is explained very well and clearly
The course gives the learner a different perspective of designing . A perspective from USERS point of view
It is great for total beginners. Since I am a product designer by profession, I expected more information.
Simple and easy to understand and yet learnt a lot. Was able to complete even during a busy work schedule.
A highly informative and precise introductory course for anyone looking to break into Interaction Design!
Great course, covers all the starter topics. The lecturer presents information in a good structured way.
The course is very understandable and presented in an interactive way. Great introduction to UX Design.
Excellent tutor, shared good reference material for further improving Course content knowledge as well.
The course content was very crisp although had a comfortable coverage so as to help in real life cases.
Great course. Provides a good overview of User Experience Design. The videos are also short and clear.
Easy to understand. The lectures given by the instructor are very informative especially for a layman.
Good intro to an absolute newbie like myself. Looking forward to exploring the subject in more depth.
great introductory course! broad yet informative. Very clear and perfect first step in the UX journey
A very east to follow yet information-dense course that will give you a great grounding in UX Design!
Very interesting subject, that covers an important topic as the relation between Users and Designers
It's cool! Now i know more detailed how to improve design rather than using my subjective feelings.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course. I am very satisfied with the content that was taught and covered!
Excellent launch board to learn about User Experience design. Reference materials were appropriate.
I like the explanation and the best guide for beginner to start and get an idea of what to do next
The teacher was very clear and allowed me to get a better understanding of user experience design.
Very clear explanation, good quiz, good reading material. I feel so great to complete the course!
The best online course for free where you get to know the basics of ux designing and learn a lot.
Its very useful at the beginner level of study. Gained some knowledge at the introduction level.
The mentor is just awesome and has taught many new thing, which i was pretty unaware. Thank You!
Great training course! It took me some time to finish it but I finally did and it's very useful
Short course but extremely informative, the delivery format is great for the busy professional.
Great overview of user experience design. Gives you the basis to continue education in the area
The course was understandable and the quiz really helped me to understand the topic with depth
Outstanding introduction to UXD, I thoroughly enjoyed and will recommend to my students too !
Excellent course! Actually for the beginner it is good way to start UX skill!I recommended it
Excellent material for a novice like myself and presented in an extremely user friendly way!
I personally enjoyed the course. Maybe it would have been nice to see some modern UX-Design.
Great introduction course. The instructor was very clear & the content was well structured.
Great Introductory course . it actually gives the basic idea about user experience design.
good introduction course about user experience design. Course material are well-organised!
This was a very informative and good sessions, included all the various knowledge required
This was a great introductory course! Left me wanting to learn so much more, thank you :)
This is one of the best online courses on User Experience (UX) Design there is out there!
I enjoyed this course because it laid out the topics in a very easily understandable way!
I am fascinated by the depth of the knowledge i have learn. The instructor was fantastic.
Great Introduction to User Experience Design! Will need to continue studies in this area.
This a great course for people who want to just start with UX and get to know what it is
short and concise, effective and easy to use. i will apply the lesson here in my field
i wish there were more advanced coursed offered from you. thanks so much noreen Cabral
Although the course is an introducting course, but it was interesting and worthwhile.
Had a good learning on basics of User Experience Design. taught in an efficient way!
This course was quite informative and amazing to start as introduction for UX Design
The perfect introduction to user experience design for a complete beginner like me!
It was a great course for me to understand the User Experience Design requirements.
Super easy to follow. Plenty resources. Perfect for part time and learn new things
Very good and informative introductory course. Easy to understand and to navigate.
The course exceeded expectations as to its content and its immediate applicability
Very informative, and easy to understand! I can't wait to learn more about UI/UX!
Very useful course to start adventure with the User Experience Design. Thank you.
Very helpful content for the freshers in the filed of UXD. Great Work! Thank you.
this course was very helpful in understanding the basics of UX designing process
I have learned the basic of UX & the delivery of material is easy to understand.
Fantastic intro course - confirmed my further online education path. Thank you!
it was very precise and educative now I think I want to further in this course.
Awesome, I have learn a lot of thing that are going to be useful on my degree.
It is an excellent course for people who want to learn User Experience Design.
A good insight about the fundamentals of User Experience Design. Worth a take.
Thank you very much. I learned the concept of Interaction Design Very Clearly.
Its a great course for an absolute beginner to know about the design process.
Great intro course for anyone who wants a broad overview of what UX is about!
I loved this course.Great foundation for anyone new to User Experience Design
A very Introductory course on User experience design, crisp and to the point
excellent course for beginners to user experience design. highly recommended
Offers a systematic way to the basic user experience concept and techniques.
Very well explained and the tools provided in the resources were very useful
Great course for someone who wants to brush their UX basics and hone skills
A good and easy to follow introduction to UX design for a complete newbie.
ideal course for beginners to receive their introduction to UX/UI design!
It was an eye opener and it helped gain more skills and knowledge on ux.
Great course to start understanding concepts of User Experience Designs!
Amazing course and the resources provided are really helpful! Thank you!
This is my first Coursera course and I enjoyed it very much. Thank you!
Wonderful introduction the subject, definitely want to learn more now.
Great course for introduction to User Experience Design and Evaluation
It illustrates in a really good way the User Experience Design process
Very informative course. I would love to learn more in this domain. :)
Great opportunity to learn the fundamentals of user experience design.
helped me a lot to frame and relate the user experience design subject
The teacher was clear and professional, I could understand everything.
love it it help me so much with my process of creation and innovation.
Great overview for people who are starting their adventure with UI :)
Very good course for beginners who would like to know about UX design
Amazing Introduction course on User Experience. Highly recommend it!
Very useful to have an overview of the  user interface  design cycle
Suitable for beginners. Cover broad aspects on what UX is all about.
Useful and provides clear introduction of the User Experience Design
simple and good guide to theoretical knowledge about user experience
Many qualitative and quantitative information for beginner student)
Great course for those who want to start learning about UX design.
I learned a lot. I enrolled another course hope to finish it also.
Good class if you want to learn the basics of the UX design cycle.
This is an excellent course to start with.Instructor is brilliant.
Great introductory course, clarifies all the beginner's questions.
Great course, and overview of UX Design concepts and terminology!
This course is a great introduction into such an exciting field!
The concepts are clearly explained and it is very useful course.
Great material, eas to understand and fun to follow. Thank you!
Very clear and provocative. I will keep learning on this topic.
very clear, useful and academic introduction to the UX design.
easy to follow and straight forward. Instructor was a delight!
Amazing! I loved this course and look forward to many more. :)
One of the best tutors. The course content was just right!!...
Great introduction to the concepts. Well paced and achievable.
A nice introduction to the design process and its terminology
Good introduction for someone who has only just started out.
Brief simple yet effective course to introduce this concept.
An insightful introductory course to User Experience Design.
Wonderful course! Very interesting material and great Tutor!
Micro bits of videos make it very easy to learn and retain.
This course is very 'usable' and friendly to the beginners!
One of the best courses of UX designing I have come across.
Great, I look forward to taking more courses such as these!
An amazing course covering all the basics of UX designing!
A good theoretical introduction to User Experience Design.
Great intro course, easy to follow and highly informative.
Awesome course and awesome instructor! Highly recommended!
Very well structured and explained, clear and to the point
It was a very insightful program and it helped immensely!
this is really a very good platform to learn new things
Great introduction course! I definitely recommend it :)
Amazing start for me to think in lines with UX Design..
Thank You! Really satisfied by the learning experience.
Nice introductory course; easy to understand; concise!
This course was really great. I got to learn a lot :).
It's good to understand UX field and core definitions.
A really enjoyable and informative course, thank you!
Great introduction to basic concepts and terminology.
A comprehensive and packed UX introduction. Loved it.
_ thorough introduction to ux-design . great course .
I enjoyed and learned from every bit of the lessons.
Well-explained and presented information. Thank you!
Simple and efficacious method of teaching. Good one
she is a good lecturer. :) clear voice and concept.
A detailed course for beginners. Love from Pakistan
This course is very interesting for learn about UX.
Thank you Rosa! great course! :) I really enjoy it!
Easy and clear! A recommended course for beginner!
The course was informative and very easy to learn.
Very informative and enjoyable intro course to UX.
Perfect Start for a beginner and very well taught!
Perfect for a beginner such as myself. Well taught
Clear and useful! It's suitable for UX beginners.
Very well articulated, precise and easy to follow
Best MOOC for an intro to user experience design.
Detailed course with constant pace. Excellent!!!
Great course for getting started with UX design
Very informative and would recommend to others.
Please, how do I obtain a certificate for this?
Thorough introduction to User Experience Design
The course was exactly what I was looking for.
It was really interesting, useful and usable )
Dr Rosa Arriaga is a great lecturer,thank you.
Great way to start the Introduction UX Design!
It's really a good way to introduce us the UX.
Learned a good base of user experience design!
great introduction to user experience design!
Interesting lectures and good study material.
Good but I would like more visual resources.
clear and straight to the point. Easy to use
Well taught, interesting, tangible teachings
Very strong and informative UX fundamentals.
very smooth layman introduction to Ux design
An amazing course for an absolute beginner!
This an excellent introductory course of UX
Very beautifully explained all the basics.
easy entry level about the user experience
Excellent overview and simple to complete.
A profound introduction, beginner's Level.
very good experience and design of course
Well designed course to cover the basics.
Great material learned on User Experience
Clear and effective course for beginners
A good but brief idea about UX Design:)
very helpfuleasy to understandpractical
Clear and practical introductory course
It was indeed an eye opening course. :)
its best experience, thank you so much
Excellent introduction to the theme!!!
I feel great for completing the course
Very Informative and Easy to Absorb!!!
a very good introduction to UX design!
Amazing courses with amazing teacher !
Thank you. This is very useful for me
Great course, knowledgable instructor
The course was effectively delivered.
Great course, pretty straightforward.
Useful, short, easy to go through it!
Good and informative about UX and UI
Very straightforward introduction.
wow! what a nice and useful course
This course is very informative !
I  thoroughly enjoyed this course
Great course for beginner to UX.
It was well taught. I love it!!!
Much informative for a beginner.
Easy to follow. Great teaching!!
Had a great learning experience!
good course to start learning UX
Recommend for all the beginners!
Nice Course and Enjoyed doing it
Great and outstanding course !!
Good, quick introductory course
Good introduction to UX design.
Very well driven and explained.
En excellent introduction to UX
great source for the beginners
Very good for an introduction
Good and quick introduction.
It was an exceptional course
Awesome introductory course!
Great Learning Resource...!
Great Introduction material
Was a wonderful experience.
Gives you a brief of UI/UX
very satisfying experience
best introductory course!
Examples can be improved.
Very clear explainations.
good & efficient overview
A great beginner course.
Enough for the beginning
Very interesting Course!
Very easy to understand.
Very effective content..
Very good for begining!
Gets your basics right.
Great study experience
Great overview course.
Thanks for this intro!
Great fully satisfied
Ilovethewaysheteaches
Great Introduction.
The course is good.
Thank you so much~
Fantastic Learning
an amazing course
Excelent teacher!
was really good
Nice Detailing
Nice Overview
Very Good Ux
So excited!
very clear
Great !!!
Great!
