Shortly: I don't know why I paid for this course.Just a list of stuff. I know that it isn't easy teach what the SC is, but in a online (international) course I totally don't care abut the US code of transportations or at what age in US it is possible lead a truck. And these are just a coupple of things.About the tests: above all, too long, and often with a lot of questions that hasn't been exposed in lectures.Finally, I put one star because I can't put zero.
I guess the narration by Mr Brown was just pathetic. The way he spoke during the entire videos makes me highly suspicious that he was the designer of this course. I am sure he can do better.
The Peer Graded Assignment is not a proper way to Judge .Which resulted me about a month to finish this single Assignment, So these module should be removed.--- A well-wisher//
this course may be ok content wise, but the pc part is  bad,   the course is locked and you dont provide tech support.  I would not recommend this vendor ever.
No one proofed this course. All of the readings are sloppy and thrown together, questions on the quizzes are blatantly wrong and a few of them have no correct answer, or the answers conflict directly with the reading material. It did cover a lot but the quality is low. Someone should go through and correct the reading material and the quizzes.
The answers to the quiz questions were not available in the videos we have been seeing for days. and the instructor was just literally reading out the script so the lessons became very boring and discouraging. and the last quiz was totally based on the US laws so it was not of any help for foreign students like us. after giving the quiz i ended up finding the answers in the optional section which comes after giving the quiz. so i faced a lot of hurdle while answering the quiz.
way too general
The way of teaching is very dull and uninteresting !

The professor teaching has a very uninteresting style and appears as if he is just reading a script from a screen in front rather than explaining concepts as they come.

I was running back and forth between the reading material and video since he was just reading what is written on the slide. It could have been better if he was talking to us and explaining his view on the terms.

Anyways, I am done with the Course and I hope other upcoming courses will be better.
The course has a wide variety of class material and concepts, tests are long and memory oriented (absolutely memory oriented, you must pick the exact same definition as in the provided material). The professor basically limits his participation to reading the material and just that. It is hard to follow him and well, it is basically like an audio book, a very long and boring one.
The speaker/lecturer should have more engaged (instead of just reading the scripts) and explained succinctly, instead of lengthy sentences that many times did not make sense. The quiz emphasized too much on theory and terminologies.
I just felt he just read the script all the time.
Content is good. But instructor's presentation could be better, and slides are not well employed.
The quiz questions are focused on rules in USA. Totally useless for people learning in other coun
Reading material is good. Videos are not much helpful. Low value addition by the trainer himself. Some analytical or statistical techniques which may help the management in decision making might be more helpful.
Lot of focus on theoretical class room style knowledge and learning
The course was very informative and was good for understanding overall Supply chain and different functions of it. However, videos didn't cover all the reading material. And it was more like reading a book about the supply chain than going through a course. each week included on average a 30-page pdf which surprisingly only 10 minutes was assigned for it!!! It would have been better if the videos were covering the reading material. Thanks!
Very basic. Loads of materials to read and understand. The quiz and the lessons don't have anything in common. You will see a complete different set of questions which is not related to the lessons taken. Overall the course is more theoretical and less in practical or numbers.
This course is mostly focuses around US transportation ecosystem and does not show enough light on concepts for students who are accessing it from outside US. Overall it was a good learning for basics in supply chain
The material in the reading and the lecture did not always go together.  The test included somethings from both the reading and the lecture.
A bit difficult to understand and some quiz questions not related to the video lectures of that week. Overall good course
The instructor was not engaging and was simply reading the material. That method didn't help.
The teaching method could have been more interesting.
how can  a peer graded assignment will hold your
good information but dull
An overall wonderful compact introduction to supply chain and its various concepts. I feel confident to speak about these areas with supply chain professionals now and understand that much of the concepts are straightforward but knowing the language that professionals use is important. At times the speaker makes mistakes which do become increasingly frustrating as time goes on. A simple second take would have helped to address this issue. The final quiz - question 18 should have an answer for Ocean and Air but it is not one of the answers. Overall recommended for the effort-reward ratio.
The content gave a good overview of the frameworks and different components involved in supply chain. From models for understanding overall processes to exploration of different modes of transportation. Don't expect a great deal of detail, although you will be introduced to key terminology and calculations. The presenter is knowlegable, paces himself well and easy to listen. My only suggestions would be for some of the more detailed slides to stay on the screen for longer, and have the links to videos clickable within Coursera.
In general, this is a very good course as it provides a comprehensive view of supply chain principles.Being the upper side of this course the good orderly structure used to present the concepts and the good supporting reading material, while the downsize is the poor quality of the videos, as these are too short, excessively summarising the concepts and poorly presented by Tim Brown (maybe he was in a hurry going somewhere else?), hence, preventing the learner yielding the full potential this course can offer.
As a practitioner in Supply Chain I found this course very helpful for anyone involved in logistics or supply chain to have a big picture of what Supply Chain is.  For practitioners currently working in one area of the supply chain is difficult to know what they other areas do and how they impact the entire supply chain.  This course clarifies the different areas and how you can work and make an impact in each one of the areas.
The course contents were organized in a well structured manner covering over 5 weeks.The content delivery by the faculty and the standard of quiz were excellent. Improvement can be done to make the course more interactive like live chats etc .Gained many value additions on personal as well as professional front from this courseThank you Tim and the whole team
The course lacked sustantial involvement, I never felt any forum participation needs and there where not enough homeworks. The content was great for a giving a broad idea of what a Supply Chain is, however, I woul've liked to have much more practical examples as well as anecdotes rom the professor to better understand the topics viewed.
A well formulated course addressing the key phases of supply chain as weekly modules.Quizzes at the end of each module test the learner pretty well. There seems to be a feeling of hurry while explaining few concepts in some of the modules and this derails learner's journey in understanding the material to the fullest.
Reading material is very good and in detail. I found the videos not much helpful. It would be a better experience if more practical examples were given by the trainer. Some analytical or statistical techniques which may help the management in decision making would have been more helpful.
A very good course. Can help you in deciding if you want to take Supply Chain as your profession.  The only thing I thought could have been better is if the course could tell you what kind of skills you will need for each department (example coding and analytics skills for planning etc.)
The information given very usefull, those who are new to the supply chain work, it is very helpfull to understand and adopt the supply chain principle daily routing of the work with concern supply chain team.  Notes about supply chain principle given widely and understand manner.
It was a good course to go through. The content was crisp and to the point. Also reading material before every week starting is lengthy but useful. It gives idea of what is going to come in week lessons. So a good technique, learners should also come well prepared. Nice one.
The course gives an indepth understanding of the complete supply chain principles. It is very useful for all who are already part of the supply chain and will help then to improve on the  current area of work as well encourages to explore other areas in this field.
The course materials provided were great but the video lectures weren't that engaging. I mean it was all serious type 'reading the transcript' video lecture. Although, one can take this course for the study materials it provides, those are really impressive.
Course quality is satisfactory and materials are informative. Particularly, reading materials are richer than videos. Videos are covering general information, but if you want to learn detailed and pass quizzes, you have to study reading materials.
Tim does a great job leading learners through the ins and outs of Supply Chain Principles. In the class i felt it covered what i was looking for to become more familiar with Supply Chain. Would recommend for anyone interested to take the course.
It was really a good experience..it was all about how goods flow from the step of manufacturing till the goods are transported. Each and every topic are well explained in a broader way. It was amazing and very useful for my career also.
The reading materials were helpful. Although I questioned sometimes if they weren't just pulled straight from the Government grant provided materials themselves (Developed by LINCS in Supply Chain Management Consortium).
Thanks for Coursera of introducing a SCM course with expert (Mr.TImothyM Brown) lectures and notes, which refreshed our  ideas and learned new terminlogy,principles,concepts,methology  involved in our department in SCM.
The content is pretty good, but the teacher constantly reads and doesn't explain a lot of concepts beyond of what's in the slide.Usually the pdf at the start of each module is better than the videos themselves.
the quiz questions do not match the video and but is based on reading material. the reading material is long and the points on it are the once’s s to be taught on the video. the video lecture is dragged.
The length of the videos are very less and reading material is too lengthy which causes loss of interest. The reading material is very nice and it gives broad view of different parts of supply chain.
In general it's a good course, however, the quiz has many theoretical questions that you can search in books or other sources, my suggestion is to be more practical and bring more company examples.
Detailed explanation and extra readings, suitable for beginners. But the quiz towards the end of the course are not very helpful and some answers are not anywhere in the videos or extra readings.
Great content, actually more broad than would have expected of a certificate course. Only one concern, all examples and guidelines shared are of the United States yet course is open to all
This was a good course but the thing i found deviating was that in the quiz sometimes the questions were facts that were not mentioned anywhere .However it is a great learning experience.
The course had enough contents to study and to learn.Also since they are very practically related, it was easy to grasp the concept and connect to practical things.
Is a beginner course, so i recommend to use easier terms to explain the topics. You got a lot of international students, that english is not their native language.
you need to elaborate more info to your students. however, it was a great experience to learn from your institution. i wish i can learn more from your institute.
The course is very relevant to Industrial/Operations/Management professionals. Thanks a lot to the instructor (Prof. Timothy M Brown) for designing the course.
nice introduction to domain of supply chain engineering to give broader perspective. course gives a good theoretical background for learner to specialize.
Wide view on supply chain - very interesting and complete - highly recommendWould have appreciated more examples and exercise on stack calculation models
This course help me to understand the basic fundamentals of supply chain and also gives information on how a individual department work in supply chain.
the course was great and had fun doing it.....but it would be more easy if the way the lectures were given could be in more understanding way...
the reader/learner is able to read and understand the proper and efficient use of supply chain priciples day 2 day life and in job purpose too.
Very informative but it felt like the instructor was just reading the slides. It would be better if the style of teaching was more interactive.
Excellent! Very much informative course. Only Last week session was more specific to the US, would have been great if it is general or global.
It is a very good composition of lectures for beginners. It would be more interesting by connecting lectures with the course material
the course give a good view for the supply chain, it is good for beginner to intermediate i will engage the course again as a review
The only disadvantage is that there is not enough maths. to learn us how to calculate the different factors the course talk about.
Good enough content but it requires atleast double the amount of time to be invested every week to go along with the schedule.
This course enables to learn the basic of SC. It's very interesting and stimulating. I'll definitely go on with Georgia Tech.
It really gives a good intro, but the course is not at depth. But it covered so many bases i felt. Definitely a good start.
Good cours i would like to see more of the incoterms, and i think the week 5 information could be teached before thats all.
i really enjoy this course. its my best so far on the coursera platform. and i'm looking forward to getting endorsements.
Good course but a lot of slide reading rather than additional comments. The transcripts were not always available either.
Lengthy topics, more assignments would have been better for creating interest. Other than that everything is fine.
It is a great course. It involves all the outlines required to be covered to know the basics of supply chain.
Great to understand basic Supply Chain concepts. Good start for a beginner with no experience in the filed.
The course can be more beneficial if the instructor had explained more the technical business terms.
This is an Excellent Course offered by Coursera to Enhance the Technical and Operational Skills..
The readings are very similar to what the exhibitor explains. I would suggest more case studies.
Very easy to understand the course.  It gives a holistic view on the supply chain principles
Program gave a Broad & detailed Insight on SCM Principles. All the best for future programs
Learned a lot from Mr. Brown about supply chain. Will be definitely helpful in the future.
Simple and Easy to Understand.Covered all aspects of Supply chain management in detail.
Very nice course along with detailed understanding of Supply chain principles.
Video lectures can be improved a bit. Reading material is very informative.
Excellent course for professionals to be into the new fields of knowledge.
Super interesting maybe more peer graded assignements.Thanks professor !
This course provides an end to end holistic picture about supply chain.
Very nice introduction to Supply Chain principles. All parts of exte
THE INSTRUCTOR  SHOULD EXPLAIN THE CHAPTERS MORE INTERACTIVE WAY.
I learned to recognize terms and activities in the supply chain.
Very informative for the basic understanding of supply chain
it was awesome learning. I learn a lot from this course
learned things that will be very useful for my career
It was very interesting class for me and I liked it
Give a general idea on how to manage supply change
Good course, very long course but it was fun.
The transportation module content is limited
Videos should improve animations and topics.
very good course to have basic concept clear
Solid entry level course into supply chain.
Great concepts and reference materials!
Great course, basic information.
it was really helpful for me
The course is very detailed
The course was informative
Excellent and interesting.
Very effective and useful
Great Course content and structure, best for beginners or even those of you who wants to broaden your perspective on supply chain. Neither too shallow, nor too deep...just right! Excellent!
I am glad that I took this course, I've been working as a procurement and supply manager for 10 years , but with experience. but now that I completed this course that really made everything logical to me I can say that I have a certificate plus my 10 years experience.
This was a pretty well described course which describes how the supply chain works as a whole. It surely made an impact on me and the knowledge would be surely useful to me. Thank you
This was a phenomenal course!  I am an executive at a logistics company where we specialize in 3PL and transportation, both LTL and TL.  This course gave me a wonderful overview of the entire Supply Chain and it is quite informative.  I will be taking ALL of Georgia Tech's online certifications involving Supply Chain and can't wait for the next course.  Thank you Professor Brown for solid presentation of material.  Greatly appreciated, I will require several of my employees to take this course also.
I appreciate the course content and methodology for teaching on line. Every participant along with the class and Quiz. should prepare their own notes with their industry examples along with power point presentations will further enhance the learning. Since i am working in Demand planning and customer contact. This course is very useful.  This is my first on line course. Very happy and i will continue to learn.
Excellent overview of the Supply Chain. Provides a great foundation for those who are interested in the field, just starting out in the field, or those with some experience and want to understand how their role fits in the overall supply chain.
My first ever course on coursera. I have completed it. The presenter is good and so is the content. I wished if the presenter had given examples from his own working career. Its always fun to listen to peoples experiences on the subject matter.
This course is very good to understand the full cycle of supply chain management. It covers all the steps from planning or procurement to end customers. By this course we can learn new things which give new ideas about SCM.
A fine walk through of Supply Chain, clear videos supported by sound documentation.  I recommend this course
The course offers a very high level but good break up of the systems , the process and people involved in Supply chain , the 5 weeks are split well to manage the various layers/ Tiers on the process. the complexities of implementation and the details of each fork in the process will be more advanced including what is the data to capture and the schema of the business objects in system and EDI , but this information serves as foundation. Enjoyed the course and test / grading process. Knowing this we can proceed into process re-engineering, system automation , IoT in Supply chain and Blockchain and smart contract use cases, which will help modernize and improve the process speed and visibility with minimum errors due to limited human intervention. Thank you - Georgia Tech for putting this course online.
A great course that provides knowledge about every aspect of Supply Chain. I am going to study Supply Chain Management in a few months and this course has given me all the knowledge I need to have an advantage in my upcoming studies. Specifically, the videos are of great quality and provide detailed information. In addition, the reading materials are very important, have a lot of details and you can learn lots of things about SCM. Last but not least, every week's quiz is a nice way to sharpen your knowledge about every aspect of Supply Chain.
Quite Cumbersome and at times a bit difficult to take all of it in.However, I've found this course to be  very interesting and it's picked my interest in learning more about Supply Chain. I've gotten a better understanding of the production flow, distribution process involved and the significant role technology plays in improving these processes. The knowledge gained will certainly help me to improve my business and possibly seek future employment in related fields.Best wishes to Timothy Brown!
It was an excellent course delivered by Professor Timothy M Brown. It gave me an in depth knowledge of the Supply Chain Principles including the Warehousing Operations, Manufacturing Processes, Transportation Operations undertaken in a Supply Chain domain. This course will surely help me in a better understanding of the advanced Supply Chain Courses that I will be undertaking during my Masters. I would like to collaborate with Professor Brown in the future on Supply Chain related projects.
The instructor, course material, and the quizzes all are excellent. I would highly recommend this to people who are just starting on a supply chain profession or studies. It touches all the necessary things related to a supply chain. From the manufacturing department to warehousing and transportation department's part in the supply chain is clearly explained by Mr. Brown. Thank You, Professor! And Thank You, Coursera!
The course was very detailed and well structured, deserves many thanks to all who took part to prepare materials and readings. Maybe one thing i would like to improve in it, is alignment of videos and reading materials, because not always they were following each other. But overall, it was very interesting, entertaining and easy to understand. I would like to learn more courses by Georgia Tech.
The course helped me greatly in documenting, all the practice that I have in Supply Chain, for all the processes there are bases and here are the bases that erefuerzan the Know How. I am happy to have taken the same, as it helped me identify some concepts that I had left along the way and on the other hand learn from new things that I do not know. Thank you
Fantastic course, working in analytics domain my upcoming project was mostly to do with Supply Chain efficiency measurement and improvement. I needed a quick understanding of Supply Chain system and this course was more than enough. To the point well structured and laid out course. The instructor explains well and this is absolute fun and loads of learning.
It is a very good course which had given me deep insights on different topics of supply chain & logistics including SCM basics with Purchasing, Procurement, Manufacturing, Strategic Planning in SCM, Warehousing & Transportation (Basically based on U.S limitations). I want to thanks Georgia Institute of Technology & Prof. Tim Brown.
I have found this experience very enlightening and beneficial. I have learned so much from this course. The course delivery was excellent, the videos were very descriptive, and the notes were very informative and easy to comprehend especially for individuals with different educational background such as myself. Thank you so much!
Great course about supply chain management, procurement and logistics. Very informative for learning Supply Chain Management main principles. The author also speaking very clear and explaining everything in details and with real life examples. Thanks for this opportunity!
Very nice course. The additional reading at the start of the week is very important and very useful. The information provided throughout the course was very brief and to the point. The style of teaching in the videos by Mr. Timothy Brown is also very good.
This course was awesome I have been in the Warehouse and Distribution field for many years and I as if I was looking at everything with a fresh set of eyes I learned so much these past few weeks thanks I am so looking forward to taking more classes here.
Well explained and well taught course. Even individuals new to these concepts can easily grasp and understand the lessons. I highly recommend to anyone who wants to have some idea or knowledge of Supply Chains in general before going into the field.
I feel this is an excellent course to involve into supply chain in general. It's very organized so you can learn about everything about it. It's crucial if you have an Industrial engineer carrer and you want to make emphasis in supply chain.
This course has proven to be more in-depth and informative than I had initially anticipated.It delves into several aspects of supply chain operations and is a well rounded course for anyone seeking to move into this field.
After completing the course I know about the supply chain network  where what is happening inside from product order to delivery to customer. It will be very for my upcoming career.Thank you Georgia Tech and coursera Org.
Just what I need: a course about supply chain principles, beginner level.Of course this course offers more than just explanations: you can practice, read additional stuff and begin doing something from the first hours.
Thank you Coursera for providing me with an opportunity to learn this course, I would also like to thank Prof. Tim Brown for providing teaching assistance to understand this course with the best provided examples.
This is an excellent course and covers everything in Supply Chain, right from who are the suppliers to the transportation. I recommend this course to everyone who are interested working in Supply Chain Department.
This curse helped update my understanding of the supply chain process and the knowledge acquired will go a long way in helping me to better understand and rive strategy implementation where I currently work.
A great start to understand the Supply Chain and its importance to any business. Provide us insights to the connection among areas, the importance of planning and communication, and the role of technology.
The course was highly comprehensive. All the concepts were explained by providing real time example. As a beginner the materials provided were really helpful and made me understand all terms  and concepts.
VERY CONCEPTUALIZED STUDY MATERIAL AND HELPFUL FOR WORKING IN SUPPLY CHAIN AREA.I GOT TO KNOW MANY NEW THINGS ANS CONCEPT OF VARIOUS ARES OF SUPPLY CHAIN.THANKS COURSEERA AND GORGIA INST OF TECH .REGARDS,
The course provides a comprehensive learning of supply chain functions. The course is nicely structured and organized. I must praise the reading material documents - very comprehensive and nicely written.
In a very general way, It gives you all the basics to understand the whole Supply Chain. I recommend it for those who are starting in this topic, because it is very helpfull for me, that I am an intern.
This course has been my start point in supply chain world. It was well wrapped and focused to address all the major components learnt a lot and might dive deeper in the world of supply chain
Its a great learning. This coursera has given me a chance to learn many concepts in Supply Chain which will help in enhance my skills and apply in day to day life. Thank you coursera....,
Very easy to learn and all materials and course of study is interesting and useful for the new learners. So thank you very much for Mr. Timothy M Brown and all the team of Georgia Tech a
Awesome Course. Each and every concept getting cleared. From initial stage of supplier to the final stage of distribution each and every thing is clearly mention and easy to understand.
I have learned new concepts of Supply Chain Management which will help me on the job. This is a must course for individuals who want to brush their knowledge of supply chain management.
excellent course for starters and for those already in the SCM business to polish the basic terminologies involving in shipping, warehousing,manufacturing, procuring and in general SCM.
The course on Supply Chain Principles was very informative and well paced and easy to understand. It was not only simplistic in nature but also precise. i got to learn many new things.
The Best Course On Supply Chain Management In "Coursera" - One who wants to learn & upgrade from the basics with wide range of examples in detailed.Thanks To Coursera & Gerorgia Tech
I love it. It covers all the supply chain principles. It is excellent for those who lack of knowledge in SC. Tim Brown structurizes it clearly and completely, easy to understand.
The module breakdown in short bits made it easy to understand and assimilate. This is a very good course to start the journey of becoming a Supply Chain subject matter expert.
Detailed information available to just the right amount. A great course if you wanna refresh you supply chain knowledge. Great content in reading materials as well.
The course gave a  good basic idea about supply chain management but I am unable to complete this course as I don't have a Credit card for payment and purchase.
Nicely structured course and easy to understand. Assignment has been designed aptly to understand the concepts better. On the whole a nice learning experience.
The classes were good and I have learned more concepts about supply chain management and got an idea that what the supply chain is all about. Thank you!!!
I have been working in a supply chain related field for already 5 years. This course has offered me a detailed insight in a very organized way. Thanks.
Excellent course with a detailed introduction to fundamental concepts of Supply Chain. Highly recommended to those from a core technical background.
It has been a course that has helped me to refresh things that I have done in my work and to know other variants of the supply chain. Thank you
I liked this course. Especially second chapter which is Integrated Business Planning. Waiting for next course from Supply chain from Georgia.
It was an amazing experience in learning this course. The concept of supply chain management was explained with proper details and examples.
Excellent to start to understand more details of SUpplu Chain. From here you can start to lean to the Supply Chain area that suit you best.
A well frameworked methodology and proceduremfor covering the fundamentals in the field of Supply Chain and Logistics,Thanks a lot Sir!!
I had an amazing experience in learning vast Supply chain principles with a focus on each component of the Supply chain with examples.
Your experience is extraordinary professor.Make more and more courses and the students will definitely learn from you for sure.
Strongly recommend this course for individuals looking for basic introduction to Supply Chain Management and its operations
The course was really informative and helped me in understating a broad overview of the supply chain principles. Thank you!
The course is most useful also clears all basic conceptThanks for providing such valuable knowledge  in such situation
as the course description stated, the course was quite helpful in building the basic concepts about the Supply Chain.
Covered basics of supply chain management and provided overview of the subject. I will highly recommend this course.
An excellent first course on supply chain. It really builds a strong foundation and exposes to all its components.
Excellent  teaching! The examples were concrete and was easily understandable. Perfectly matched my expectations
It was great to learn many new concepts about Supply Chain Principles. It will definitely help me in my career!
Instructor is very good and explains everything. Course content is very good and reading material is detailed.
Very good course. This course gave me knowledge about supply chain, logistics, warehousing and procurement.
Highly recommended for all, who wants to know basics in supply chain without drowning in too many details
Excellent course, I recommend it 100%. It gives you a great overview of all the supply chain management.
Definitely a great input for beginners....!!Very systematic and holistic treatment of the SCM functions.
It covers all the areas in operations plus tells us about the new technologies that can be integrated.
Great information that is very helpful to understand the supply chain in the united states of america.
This course was very informative.  I had no idea of the intricacies of SCM.  I am ready to learn more.
This is a very professional course which provides knowledge of the concept of Supply Chain Management
A perfect course to gain the knowledge for the basics of the Supply chain and Logistics Principles.
Excellent overall introduction to Supply Chain, in depth understanding of the general picture.
it's a really good course I recommend it help me a lot in my acknowledge of warehouse systems
Excellent learning and practicing experience for Supply Chain enthusiasts or professionals.
I learned so much about Supply chain from this course.  I would highly recommend to anyone.
Examples should be a little recent one, terminology should be universal n, not US-specific
Excellent course covering all major topics in supply chain management. Higly recommended.
Very good course to understand the fundamentals of almost all the aspects of Supply Chain
Excellent course, with details and good amount of theory  and practice. I learned a lot
I really appreciated the course. I have learned a lot of things about the Supply chain
The course provided overall principle of Supply Chain, something add-in my current job
Excellent course for anyone who wants to understand the fundamentals of Supply Chain
I really loved this course most especially with the Georgia Institute of Technology
Great course for a beginner to get proper knowledge about supply chain principles.
Great Course, very enlightening and educative course on Supply Chain Principles
Highly Recommended!!! for anyone who want to learn about supply chain concept.
I found this course helpful. It gives overall idea of supply chain management.
This course gave me a huge benefit for my future career as transport planner.
Thank you so much for all the insight of supply chains in the United States.
Course was very well framed and topics was related to practical approach.
very rich material , very easy way to deliver the information's included
it was very informative course and the materials of study is also great.
This is really a good course, gave me whole insight about supply chain.
An elementary course for beginners who want to go deep in this sector.
Very nice course, full of high quality material and exhaustive content
A simple course to understand the basics of Supply Chain Management.
Well designed couse for learning Supply Chain Managenent Principles.
It is very helpful in understanding the supply chain basic concepts.
Very essential, informative and elaborated course for supply chain.
It gives a very comprehensive overview of Supply Chain Principles.
Good insight and wonderful explanation of supply chain principles
good and easy to understand the course details , explain is good.
Excellent Teaching Recommended for Shipping And Logistics People
Amazing .it's easy to understand and very interesting to learn.
Nice course. It can add more examples for better understanding.
An excellent course for foundation in supply chain management.
pretty detailed information about basic supply chain knowledge
It is very good  Platform to learning and for careers growing
I am not an operations student but totally loved this course
it was a very advanced course and helped me to learn a lot.
great course! all-around information to grow professionally
Amazing course as well as justified contents and lectures.
It was very useful and thank you so much for this to learn
Excellent course for beginners to Supply Chain Management.
very precise explanation and great insights delivered.
Good course and lot things to learn in supply chain
It covers all the basic dimensions of Supply-Chain.
Simple and full coverage for better understanding.
It was very Good course on supply chain principles
it was a great experience in learning this course
In depth knowledge was provided . really loved it
IT IS A GREAT COURSE TO LEARN ABOUT SUPPLY CHAIN
Excellent structure and very detailed learning
Excellent content delivery with vast concepts
Best to understand the basics of supply chain
The course content was extremely resourceful
The course is very effective for principles.
Excellent knowledge gained from this course
Very helpful in enhancing knowledge on SCM
useful and highly informative contents...
to less info in video compared to reading
it is a great and well integrated course.
amazing teaching and learning experience
Well explained nice learning experience.
Excellent for anyone new to procurement
Quite complete. Very good. Recommended
Great intro into supply chain process!
Amazing course. Thank you Dr. Timothy
Very informative course for beginners
I recommend this course for beginners
Thanks for this significant course.
It was very useful and knowledgable
Nice introduction to SCM.Thank you
Comprehensive and detailed course
It's very nice and helpful for us
Great course!! Thanks very much!
Very good and structured progrma
The course was very informative.
thanks for enhancing knowledge.
A complete course for beginner.
Its very intertesting subject.
this course is so informative
Excellent.  It was detailed .
Thanks for given opportunity
Good course on the basics!
easy to understand course!
Great Course for beginner
THE COURSE IS VERY USEFUL
this course is so useful
Nice and well explained.
Learnt a lot about SCM.
Really complete course
Great course, goo
good knowledge
Very complete.
Highlyuseful
