Course is OK but some items are explained like students were "baby's"....... I really do not like that others classmates have to correct my work because they put incorrect remarks. They think that they have the correct answer when they are making themselves mistakes.  I made the subscription thinking it was a high level .... So course quite good (but lower intermediate level) but really bad organized.
checking assignment is not proper. If other learners not checked properly and I failed or get a very low grade  than this is not my mistake. As  due to less time many learners do not check proper.
addressed to scholars (to whom who goes to school).addressed mostly for US-target (introduction e-mails, W3, for instance) takes more time (than 2-3 times), than it worths: W4 and W5 give obviouse information.technically the course builds perfect, but:1) it seems that promotion is grater goal than learning;2)  I'm wondering if Coursera could targeting courses by format, micro-nano-neutrino purpose, age, skills, level of presence of theoretical matherial, cultural - general - domestic skills, knowlages or even entertainment-vines-look-like-couses etc.Coursera gives great courses description (far more better than edx), but in 50% cases it didn't help. Yes, I can unenroll in any moment, but sometimes you understand it very late (when you have completed 1/3 of a course) and etc. And after you confused, and the confusion from behavioural fields (needs strong recommendationsabout cours termination). The cours exploration and desision making (learn - do not learn) takes quite a lot of time. I'm of cource understand what "Write Professional Emails in English" cours is a  part. Part of Specialisation!!! How it may named "Specialisation"?!!! Even the titles looks very attractive. thank you for distance learning and content!!!
Way too elementary.
Sadly, this course is at the high school level at the most. Very disappointing to see it listet here as a university course.
You can't do the assignments unless you pay the subscription. The founding idea of MOOCs was to make education more accesible. How do you test your knowledge if you can't submit assignments? I understand paying for a certificate, but I don't want the certificate.
Lots of spiteful people who will lower your grades on purpose will be reviewing your peer graded assignments. So prepare to resubmit a stupid order cancellation email 3 or 4 times, because some 3rd-worlders will not give you the points you deserved. The sweet part is that you can't do anything about it, you can't contest their review.
such funny mistakes !!!!I finished the course since 7 days, Cant download or see my certificate, always the message as below Attempted to fetch PDF but got the following errors:Could not find signature for instructor Suzi Lee. Please notify the Instructor to upload one.for me I have to hit the roof and the system now !!!!
It's been a week since I completed the course and yet I am able to download the certificate. I have contacted the support via chat three times and still, they are not able to resolve the issue. They are very fast at collecting the course fee, but not bothered about resolving the issue of the participants.
I have a problem in downloading my certificatePlease check my problem as fast as possible.... 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Great course, but at one point, isn't a quiz about culture different between high-context and low-context style promoting a stereo type to the people in the both cultures? I thought so because I am an Asian, but I did not ever see such email from my workers in the U.S. to anybody in my office.EDIT: Even if you complete the course, coursera keeps the course status in progress rather than complete, then they will take your money out from your wallet. I will ask coursera over this issue. However, I hope they will not wipe away my activities I have done.
Very low material not enough examples ( full emails)
Unless you're completely new to Mails and English as a language, I wouldn't recommend this course
I just complete my course as write professional emails in english but I could not download the certificate.There show an error-https://www.coursera.org/account/accomplishments/certificate/NYZX8GVCJPNZ
There are lots of bugs while submitting and reviewing of assignments and also the course is not interesting.I try to unenroll myself from course but it again creates problem.
So basic. The teacher speaks to you like if you're a baby, It's very annoying
Hi, I am Hina-Fatima, and I learn so my thing through this course
I'm not interested in this course
very bad...time wasted
The name of the course should be: How to write BASIC Professional Emails in English. The instructions and assignments are very basic. You can complete every week in 30 minutes. The assignments are reviewed by students who don't speak proper English, but who are rating your assignment and cannot give any feedback on how to improve your emails. This course is a waste of your money!
This course contains quite some useful information, but overall it seems way too simple. Most of what it talked about were the basics and what common high school students would know. It could be much better if its depth could be made higher.
Geared towards ESL students. I had signed up thinking it was for native English speakers, but it was more of a English 101.
it is good for non-English native speaker. + it is not free.i liked most the additional material.
i cant ale to get review of extent my timeline bad experiencehelp me in solving it
It was a good course, but the material and the details it covered were very short.
The course is great however we have to pay to get all tasks or a certificated
review part was not good. it took a long time to get review my assignment
Good for basic introduction to email.
So so .......it's not well organized.
Many rules are way out of date.
Brief and accurate course. It provides useful information for writing professional emails. It´s a pity that the free version does not include assignments and peer´s review.
Hello Mr. Landers.I think that it is a good course. I appreciate the your effort.But if you allow me a constructive criticism:   - I don´t like a course that I am navegated to other web sites. I prefer a course in wich all contents are original.   - Adicitonaly, I would like to coment that I have taken several courses by the University of Pensylvania for free. I could complete these courses; even the qualified assesments. I didn't get a certificated, but I could make all the exercices.Despite what I have said before, I recommend the course.Whith best regards.Jorge Melchor Gómez
Thank you very much for helpful tips during this course. It is a very good course for people, who is fluent in English. Most of the people enrolled in course didn't speak English, and didn't understand assignments. In description it says learners should be intermediate level in English, but people do not realize what intermediate level is in different countries. It would be helpful to include pretest for people who wants to enroll, so they don't waste their time. Most of the people need to learn basic English grammar first, then do this course.
The course is very basic, but very well explained. I really enjoyed the videos. It took me about 8 hours to complete the course. What I didn't enjoy was the peer review format, for the written homework. I wished the instructors would review the homework and provide useful advice. It was odd to get my homework graded by someone with a poorer English level than mine.
Sometimes you don't know when the next lesson starts and I feel you don't also notice the feedback section to review others.  I thought I was finished to find out I was still waiting on reviews.  The flow could be much better and not dependant on others scoring you.
The curs give a good overview, how to write official emails. Somtimes the evaluator are not so friendly and gave bad votes without a reason. It will be apassably vocabulary assumed. All in all, it is a good curs, to bringing back the asics.
Writing Professional  Emails in English course is very helpful it teach you how to write professionally  learn you the basic emails also learn you to write announcements emails and apologize  emails.
Course material is fine for the subject, the more problematic part is the way its graded, with 5 peer reviewed assignments. Especially the first one which is quite tedious for the participants.
Professional communication should be clear, correct, and effective. The course has helped me to improve these skills. Congratulations to everyone who took this challenge.
Course 1: I believe it was oversimplified. There is very limited information provided by the instructor in a very slow manner.
A little more geared towards speakers whose English is an additional language. Some useful pointers throughout though!
Great teacher, although I would rather need more examples of elaborate emails, that I could use at work.Thank you!
THE ASSIGNMENTS SHOULDN'T BE PEER-GRADED. IT SHOULD RATHER BE MENTOR GRADED AND THAT WOULD SAVE TIME A LOT.
It's completed, right? Otherwise, how can I rate it? But why the status still shows in-progress?
It's a simple but useful course, however, it's really hard to get your assignment peer-graded.
Unfortunately we can not submit our tasks with do Un upgrade in our account.
Good course.Get basic idea about email writing.Thankyou
The course is good, but there no slides in Power Point
Nothing really interesting, but hi and low cultures.
Sir,your ideia about the email drafting is excellent
Clear and essenzial focus on the main aspects
Entry level for writing English emails.
I have learnt in an organised way .
Good content, feels very automated
It's a good opportunity to learn.
I felt the course is very basic.
Satisfactory but cam be better
It was a really good course
A good course. Thank you.
This,course was so good
Up to mark content
Only brief course.
Great Time Killer
I think it's better to give us more example and explain some kinds of methods.
Very informative course! Could see the drastic improvement in my email writing after every lesson. Appreciate the additional materials to read up after the lesson as well.The only gripe I have is that there are too many peer-graded assignments. There are instances where they do not grade assignments accurately, leading to unnecessary loss of marks. I believe it will be fairer if we can report/feedback the peer-graded assignment comments.
Learning course
what a course!
a little easy
I think this course is overall helpful and of high quality. I've learned a lot and found most of the content conducive to my career development. However, as to the assignments, I tried my best to finish the writing assignment for week 1, but still failed. I don't agree with some reviewers comments that I didn't use the punctuations right and I didn't write a subject. I hope there could be some coordinators with necessary skills and background knowledge to make sure the scores are more professional and objective. Maybe they could help exclude too subjective comments and ratings. Thanks.
This is a very interactive course for non-native English learner. I have been benefited from this course. I learned how to express myself professionally at the time of email writing. The pedagogy, in fact, is highly effective to instill the required skills for drafting a precise, concise,  clear and simultaneously comprehensive email. Therefore, I recommend this course for beginners to improve and hone their skills so that they could write impressively and effectively.
Our teacher Gerry Landers has come up with easy to watch and digestible videos, that make this course excellent to improve our English written communications skills no matter our level of English. One of the worst experiences is the review system of the course. Some students  will give you an unfair low score which is not backed up with an explanation nor following instructions. That is not professional.
I have loved this course as Respected Gerry Landers explains everything considering various aspects. I have surely improved on being a professional email writer. Most important attribute of this course is that it has really helpful links in the ADDITIONAL RESOURCES section after each lesson.Thank you  Professor Gerry Landers and Coursera!
When I am trying to get my certification I get the following error:"Attempted to fetch PDF but got the following errors:Could not find signature for instructor Suzi Lee. Please notify the Instructor to upload one."How Could I fix it Please?Contact me in my email " engsalehhassira97@gmail.com".
The professor is clear and his kindness comes through in his smile and demeanor. I was hoping this course to be a bit more advanced. I would have prefered a clear indication of the level this is for. I got good information but I would have like to have gotten even more out of it
I liked this course. There are a lot of useful information. It's well-structured and includes a lot of examples. A moment I didn't like is locked assignments. In my opinion, it's ok when you can't get a certificate without payment but I can't see a reason for practice lock.
This is a useful course which is highly applicable at work. Thank you Professor Gerry for designing and instructing such a great course. I just wished the link to the reading material still worked. I did flag Professor Gerry that error, and he referred me to Coursera.
I think professor speaking rate is a little bit fast but appropriate to catch the main meaning. The assessments are great and effective but little to do. The contents are useful, practical and medium in difficulty. I hope this course will be more detail in future.
Dear Landers,Thank you very much for all your time that serve to us, and to teach as writing professional emails in English. I am really appreciated of you fully supports and kindness.I hope I could take some other classes of you in coursera.Best,Faqiri.
Very nice and very helpful course. It will surely help the people living in the 3rd world and is not fully aware of writing a professional email. One can surely learn many things from this course. This is one of the best and helpful courses in coursera.
I learned very good tips from this course and have certainly noticed my emails improve. The reason for a missing star is the peer review. While I enjoyed this feature a lot, I would have preferred to have at least one instructor review and feedback.
I think the peer grating delay the process to finish this course.  Generally it is good for people don't know how to write the business email, but if you have working experience in the U.S. already, I suggest to choose other high leveled courses.
The course is very well organised and effective. The instructor is master at the subject, too. I have been improved my writing skill since I pursued in this course. Many thanks to Coursera as well as The Georgia Institute of Technology.
This course teach us basic knowledges about writing emails. Such knowledges are essential to get success in a right communication. Many times we forget them and committed various silly mistakes unnecessarily.It's an excellent course.
Wonderful course for improving and framing a professional email. It covers do's and don'ts, phrases  to write in different kinds of mail like introduction, announcement, request or apology mails. Also, culture differences was great.
Great instructor and well organized online course. Title a bit misleading as this is the very basics and thus implication of improving  writing skills for professional e-mails seems not be the perfect fit.  A nice re-fresher though!
Very nicely created, short and simple videos makes it easy to understand. Mr. Gerry Landers is also very good communicator plus interaction is done every week through assignments which is very beneficial for practical knowledge.
This course is wonderful for those who improve their email writing skills. But,the Almost all links provided in Addition Resources is not working  showing error 404. Please check and update them. Thank you Sir Mr.Landers
I liked the course very much. Now I can confidently write any email for any culture for my profession.  But getting review from others was not effective in my term as I think they didn't read properly before reviewing.
This course is just a shallow foundation for mail writings. There is no doubt about the the content and the representation of the content. It's my personal thought that the course may have more depth than what it has.
The course Write Professional Email in English is very much important for the professional world. Coursera is given an opportunity for us to learn how to write a professional email in  English. it is best coursera.
A very light course. The instructor is nice and gives very lucid explanations. I don't have any complains but one. The number of tests aren't enough to give you a strong hold over the concepts taught in class.
Very good course. Full of useful details. Only thing is at times Mr. Landers was uncomfortable in front of the camera and that made me uncomfortable too. Other than that it was pretty good. Thank you,Teo.
I found the course useful but I do not seem able to obtain my certificate due to missing one deadline and there does not seem to be an option to contact anyone about it, which is frustrating
it was really a nice course. I have really improved in email writing and can tackle different situations in email.Thank you, Coursera and Georgia Tech for this wonderful course
Making students review their tests is somewhat unproductive
He puts the students in a pressure that may not be reviewed by one of their tests, delaying completion of the course
The course is well-designed. However, it is not for fluent English speakers. Most assignments are graded by peers, and some of them may be low graders or provide no feedback.
I'm very happy to complete this course. i have learned so many things by doing this course such as how to write professional letters and communication skill through English.
Very well presented, the subtitles are good, some of the quiz questions have excessive spacing between questions and answers (a minor area for improvement in presentation).
It was really great and useful course> i have learnt a lot of how you erite emails and too many informations i recived. thanks for your this good material, i apprciate it
The content is appropriate for beginners.  In my opinion, the instructions for assignments are not clear enough.  Perhaps because it's my first day learning this course.
A good insight on how to write formal email, student may gain basic knowledge on the expectations of writing professional emails within and outside of the organization.
It's the most important course I have ever completed online. It was realy a great course.I would thank coursera and Georgia Tech institute for their efforts.
Pretty good course. Easy and simple, yet, full of information. I'd recommend it for high school students or college students who aren't so good at English
Some of the peers tend to put 0 without any reason no matter what. They keep spamming 0 in all sections. This hampers the true meaning of those tasks.
This is the best online platform to improve our knowledge. It's gives us the opportunity to learn Many things. Had a good experience in this Coursera
I really enjoy the lecture. However,I expected to learn more about english expression or example sentence that i can use in the email from the video.
This course is very good because it is very clear. Nonetheless, I'm a bit disappointed that one have to purchase the course in order to complete it.
This course helps me write professional emails in English. Thi course is designed very well and I strongly recommend my colleague to join and learn
I have completed "Write Professional Emails in English" course from coursera. Amazing part of this course is how emails effects different cultures.
Absolutely Nice Course , I got to learn a lot from this . Now I can write a well organised effective mail to anyone.Thanks a lot for this course..
I think content can be richer since I have experience about writing business emails. However, overall it was very useful and I learnt new things.
Nice course. But it was too basic if there was something like more unique like how to write job emails etc. it would have been more interesting.
The course was very good. The teaching the instructor was very good and concepts were pretty easy to understand as the courses is well designed
This practical course gives me various skills to write a professional email in English.Therefore I can make use of this ability in my work.
Clear, useful and with several practical examples. I especially enjoyed the list of additional resources I can keep consulting over time.
Excelent course, educational and, excelent tools to write a proper professional emails in English.I learned new and usefull vocabulary.
This course was really awesome  and intresteing very easy to understand and we can learn how write an email perfecly and proffesionaly
This course is really useful for the people pursuing job. It really helps you to enhance your communication in your job environment.
It's very good course for everyone to learn all about the mail writing, I really enjoyed this. Once again thanks to Coursera team.
Just the basics, it would be a 5-star if there were more examples, especially updating how to address people using or not gender.
This course was perfect .I learned very important information .Thank you for giving me this chance and thanks for your effort.
Thank you for the wonderful inputs which are going to help me write professional emails in an academic and professional life.
I am very pleased with this course. It helped me to improve my email writing skills in a precise way. Thanks, Coursera team.
Helpful Course. very good Instructor, Easy to understand, Clear information, Good assignment and very good links extension.
I liked this course and teacher. I learned enough interesting and useful information. Unfortunately, this course is paid.
I like this course because it's an essential review of basical points that you should know to write  emails successfully.
Got Excellent knowledge from this course about professional email I would like to gain more knowledge from Georgia Tech.
An enjoyable course and very useful. It is a must course to take to learn the proper way of communicating professionaly.
Great! This course helps me to know how to write a professional email in the western context, thank you Prof. Landers.
Hi...this course is very usefull to write an professional emails....every videos,assignments and quize are awsome....
The course offers some really useful knowledge and tips to write better Emails and ultimately improve your language.
This course helps me a lot.  Now I have confidence before writing an email. Thanks, Coursera to provide this course.
The course was good. But the certificate doesn't contain the signature of the lecturer. Please upload the signature
It is a useful course to improve  our Mail writing skills, these skills are very important in the business society,
This course is very good and every step or tips are given and explained in a well manner. I learnt a lot from it.
VERY USEFUL TO STUDENTS AND LEARNT LOT OF THINGS FROM THIS COURSE AND COMPLETION  OF COURSE IS VERY DIFFICULT
Good course and but some example is outdated.I am using the skills from this course to write business Emails.
The course has been really helpful to learn some of the key aspects of writing e-mails in professional world.
I am able to write the mail now, I am really satisfied with my course as I developed my email writing  skill
Very educational, however, I would like to have the prof. more active in terms of assignments' assessments.
The course was very helpful , clear about how to write emails . Thanks for the instructor he was very good
This course easily addresses the differences and etiquette of various emails in the global work culture.
This course is very important one for the fresh graduates for increasing their chance for getting a job.
Good material, would be helpful to have more feedback of the course staff regarding assignment's issues.
It is a wonderful course, me got lot of new ideas while we write emails especially Professional Emails.
There is some technical issues in the assignments and some peers are not being fair in their reviews.
The course is kind of shorter than I expected. It is recommended to finish the course within 2 weeks.
Very much interesting. I have learnt a lot of things. In one word I would like to say is "EFFICIENT".
It is very well organized course. Have proper structure, easy to undersatnd language. User friendly.
course is well structured and efficiently designed to enhance the communication skill of pedestrian.
Overall the course is good. But, the peer-graded system was the most  annoying part in this course.
This course allowed me to learn new things and I think the course is too short. It's really useful!
The course was good, but I liked to know more about some subjects, and many of links were expired.
This was a wonderful course I took from Georgia Institute of Technology.The lecturer was good too.
I liked this course very much because I could learn something new to support my professional life.
I am a professional and have been using emails since, but I learned new insights from the course.
Very good course. I learned about the comunication culture in e-mail. I intent to use in my work.
It's great course and I will bring this education to adjust with the work life. Thang you so much
Decent course, Definitely help me set rules to follow when I write emails which helped me greatly
Right Course to improve you're learning English with a professional style of writing an English.
It is very good and I would recommend it to Beginners. I learnt a lot of things. Thanks a lot !
I learnt so many things, this is one of the best college which provided awesome review on this.
I has been a great learning. I loved learning small things, but made a big difference. Thanks
Excellent content, has a lot of tips and fundamentals to write professional emails in English
I learned a lot from this course. This course is not to learn English but email construction.
Very interesting course, and  I believe I have learned something of value from this course.
Dear Mr. Landers,Many thanks for your efforts and help to improve our email writing styles.
I think the course is useful especially for people who are working in English environment.
This course helps me a lot to write a professional email because it broadens my horizons.
It is a very good course, but I think that is kind of small, it could be a little bigger.
Course delivers best and lucid way to write professional emails in much effective manner.
Great course! I recommend it to anyone wants to develop his written communication skills.
I mean I cannot do the assignment without the certification process. It is a bad point ㅠㅠ
This was a good course. I have learned writing skills and writing style of modern email.
Very informative course which has increased my knowledge and improved my writing skills
The course content iw very good, what is not working is the revise your peer activity .
I have learned many aspects of writing professional email. I like this course, overall.
Great tips, however assignments are mandatory even for users who don't want to upgrade.
Excellent for beginners as well as working professionals to write professional emails
Mr Landers is a very good instructor. Really enjoyed the course. Thank you so much.
Overall good course!Can stress on grammar part too,for non English speakers like us
Great material... everyone who writes an email for business should take this class.
I have learnt many things from this course.I am very Thankfull for this Course....
Not bad. If you have solid English foundation, you should find more senior course.
Coursera helps me alot. I have learnt how to write professional emails in english
great job , I liked your simplicity and accuracy , and I've learnt a lot , thanks
A very nice course if you wish to be professional and perfect in writing emails.
A very good course , simple to understand and very practical to adopt and follow
A very helpful course which will certainly help us in our future studies/careers
This course is really helpful . I enjoy it. I learn a lot through this course .
This course was amazing. I really enjoyed this course and learned alot from it.
This course is very useful for having effective communication in the workplace.
Could not find signature for the instructor for certificate. Please update one.
It is really a knowledge imparting course and shoot up my communication skills.
i have learn lot of stuff tysm sir. it was fun to learn n also i improve alot.
Very clear, useful, and interesting, but maybe too short. Thank you very much.
My advice for everyone is to take this course because i find it Really useful.
I think it has a good things and advices to improve the comunications skills.
It was fun and informative to know many new things while writing an e-mail.
I learnt important tips and things to write professional emails in English.
his speeches moves with his body. i like his way of teaching. kudoos to him
Nice But Introduction & Announcement part was not having clear explanation.
I have enjoyed taking this Course. It's really useful and I learnt a lot.
Very good examples if you want to improve Professional Emails in English.
I liked the course, is short, but with precise and esential information.
It is interesting to join you in this amazing MOOC, thank you very much.
thank you Mr lander for your courses, the courses are very useful for me
Great job teacher! Has been a pleasure to attend your lessons. Francesco
I have struggled  a lot in getting reviews, but the course was perfect.
It's very nice course but little time consuming because on peer review
A very good professional course. I enjoyed this course until the end.
You should add more content and should give more projects to work on.
it was good to learn a email writing in professional way.Thanl you.
This is outstanding course as and this a more knowledgeable course.
I think the course is okay, but I was expecting more email forms...
The course was very helpful. Lectures were very easy to understand.
Peer review on this specific course is at times not the best choice
need to write mails then compare it to those written by instructor
The course is very useful. It helps me learn many skills in Email.
I submit assignment but in course is not tick mark on that module
I love it, It was simple and had direct way and clear information
Good and informing. But you cannot take the quizzes if you audit.
For written proffetional email very useful this coursera course.
Mr Landers, Great Job. You are a Great Speaker - Clear & Polite!
Thank you . I appreciate your effort.  Keeping doing good work.
some common things need to know for writing professional emails
An excellent overview on the structure of Professional emails.
It was very inspiring course. sincere thanks to your all team.
It is okay, but I think you should improve the grading system
Thanks to this course I have improved my email writing skills
Nice course but the writing in the certificate is very small
Good course. But i think there could be more learning in it.
Thank All instructors who facilitated this leaning,  great.
Very much interesting. It is simple and can easily learned.
Thanks for this great course. I am very happy to thank you.
every thing is good but this peer review system is not good
It was very useful.Thanks you so much for the opportunity.
I think this course can help you in many different slides.
I think this course was very useful for me. Thank you all!
It's good for improve simple skills , in this case writing
The course is really great. I would increase the examples.
very good course and this will definately help everyone.
Knowledgeable course. The content is rich and exposing.
It helped me a lot to improve my email writing skills.
It makes me learn some more few things of my interest
Amazing, Excellent explanations, Learnt lot of things
A course with very interesting details and good tips.
Great course.We need another one in advanced topics.
This is very useful course. I enjoyed it very much .
Great course to improve your English writing skills.
I recommend this course pretty much. Good exercises.
This course is really good. I really appreciate it.
learned so many new things ,definetly worth course.
Very interesting course, Thanks I learned so much !
You could improve with more examples or exercises.
just take care about the peer review  time, thanks
It is helpful for me to improve my writing skills.
Great course, especially for non-native speakers.
I liked this course but I did not understand much
it's good and bold presentation from instructor.
I think there should be more practice questions.
very succinctly presented.  Thank you professor.
The grade system is not fair, but class is good.
It's good course.help to improve emails skills.
Too basic for me, but really good for beginners
Great course, well structured and interactive.
thank i have upgrade myself with your teaching
Very good.! I have learn new things.Thank you
It was clear but I want to see more examples.
Great content and professor.  I recommend it.
It's really a good platform to learn easily.
Short but impactful course! I learned a lot!
Basic briefing but more useful for beginner~
Veri interesting, I learned spme useful tips
It was really helpful and didactic, thanks.
Great and lovely class with so much value.
Such  a Excellent course for the beginners
provides the most basic idea on the topic
Good course! The instructor is also good.
Came to know about some tricks in emails.
please, we need slides beside each module
Very good,Well organized and to the point
The course is helpful  for writing emails
the teacher explanessions are very clrear
Very good course for non English people.
This course is very useful and practical
This is a good and very helpful course.
The course was useful and informative.
Thank you learning this skills for us.
More insight about professional email
This course is great! It's so useful!
easy, simple, clear, and very useful.
very good course and simple material
useful to learn these type of course
I loved learning it, it was amazing.
very good course , its useful for me
An excellent initiative by coursera
Very good course and very practical
Very nice and well-planned course.
Thank you for this amazing Course.
Very good content and methodology.
Some resources websites are lost.
Very nice course and instructors.
English writing resource is good
Excellent course for begginers.
Was a great efforts by Mr.Gerry
Excellent Course for my carrier
This course is really helpful..
Really help to improve writing.
Not bad at all but too simple.
very good course I enjoyed it.
please increase more content.
Very interested course thanks
Good courseHighly recommended
This course is for beginners.
very informative and precise
Wonderful teaching support..
Good for beginners in emails
This course is so effective.
Great content for beginners.
The best smiling teache ever
It is very good and usefull
is a good course thank you
One of the amazing course.
It is an excellent course.
Thank you for your effort.
Thank you for Teaching us
Very complete and useful.
its really useful course
little bit easy for me.
It really improves me.
I have learnt a lot ..
It was good and simple
very effective course
Very basic but useful
Really extra-ordinar.
It's very good course
So interesting course
very good job teacher
Useful, but to basic
it  was so awesome.
It was good thanks.
thank you COURSERA
Thanks to Coursera
simple and useful.
very well explain
Simple and clear.
Brief and useful!
Simple awesome
Great course,
It's awesome.
its  good
Its very
This course was excellent. I learnt a lot of things regarding writing professional emails and Now I can write emails confidently and effectively. My English communication skill is also improved.
This course really update my knowledge about writing Professional emails. There were important points which I will keep in mind during email communication. I am really glad i joined the course.
I would suggest this course is the perfect place to learn about "how to write a professional email". And I appreciate and thanks Coursera team along with Georgia  Tech Institute to provide this course.
I enjoyed every bit of this course. I would recommend all my friends and family members to take this course and learn from this very nicely explained modules on Writing Professional Emails in English.
The best course i passed on Coursera, badly recommended for anyone seeking for professionalism,The course really discuss very important skill we should all have and it makes difference in our life
Dear all, I am Sergei Gagloev, an alumni of the course "Write Professional Emails in English". I find this course important, brief and efficient at the same time, suitable for almost anyone who wants to improve writing skills. Regardless to the age, gender, professional background or nationality, the course will be useful in a sense of reminding something forgotten, or even giving a completely new information on what to write and how to write in your emails. Thanks to the faculty of Georgia Institute of Technology for making this possible.Best regards, Sergei Gagloev.
I would say thanks a lot to the expert of this course for giving good guidance towards how to write email in professional way. and I also enjoyed your reading material which was provided in the link.
I have learnt  a lot of things  here in this course, how to type different types of emails such as requesting, apology and the high/ low context communication. And how to know the different cultures.
a great lecture for non-English writers!
Hurray! I have learned writing professional emails in English. My instructor taught me in a friendly manner and I enjoyed this course a lot. Now, I am able to write  crisp and concise sentences. Thanks a lot Coursera.
I am glad to participate in this course. I really appreciate it and thankful for the coursera team. I also thanks to the professor Mr. Landers who provides wonderful speech and explanation. Thank you.
This is a really useful and helpful course. The Professor is really clear in his explanations, and the exercises are practical so you can implement what you learn. Highly recommended. Thank you!
its grt
I have learned how to write a professional email from this course, it realy worth you effort and your time.
Straightforward and useful.
Very short but useful course. Explanations are clear and straight to the point. Getting some handouts about all the tips in this course would be really nice since we humans forgot, specially if we are continuously learning and updating your knowledge.
Everyone who wants to gain in-depth knowledge of writing professional emails, then this course is best place to enroll. Instructor is good and the content is also easy to understand.
Thanks to Coursera and  Georgia Institute of Technology for offering this course. Grateful to Gerry lander for articulating everything so nicely. I am so delighted to complete this course successfully.
It was very helpful and made me be more confident while I'm writing daily Emails to the international companies which I'm in contact with.
Very good for the beginner
Great Course
I really like this course since it tells us some rules that are essential to email communication. This course is concise and of appropriate length. I highly recommend people who are currently or will work in a multicultural team/company take this course to enhance email literacy.
It's a great course with a lot of useful information.But when I am trying to get my certificate, I get the following error:"Attempted to fetch PDF but got the following errors:Could not find signature for instructor Suzi Lee. Please notify the Instructor to upload one."Could you please fix it
Gerry Landers, the course instructor, is a true professional of the field. What's more, he is the Teacher. I'm not exaggerating, he is the Teacher in nature. He explains everything in such a manner that everything gets straight to the skill level of unconscious mind, and you, as a student, are able to momentarily use that information in your everyday work.Also, I'd love to mention here the brilliant team work that has developed the way of delivering the knowledge as effectively. Shootings, changing backgrounds, wallpapers, headlines, sound, slides, bullet points, voice instructions combined with simultaneous written information - to say the demeanor is perfect would be a great understatement. I can judge, since I've successfully lived through quite a number of courses not only on Coursera but also on Edx and have a lot to compare with.I want to thank all of you, professionals, for such a delivery. And I strongly recommend every person anything interested in writing to join the course "Write Professional Emails in English" with Mr. Gerry Landers. Join the course unhesitatingly because it is worth finishing.
Hey Firstly,  I sincerely Appreciate your guidance like you  give me big opportunity to learn. I really enjoyed this course I thought it was well planned and layout for me to learn . the work load just enough so could properly  finish everything with enough time learned about topics are not feel overloaded and rushed.        Overall I really  like this course because all vedio and Assignment are straight  forward I got more knowledge from this  course  about Email like  Email Format, how to shortly communicate  a objective of  email through email text body, I learned the discipline of Punctuation and Capitalization, also learned about the how to write greetings ,subject line and closing  with according to message ( mood and emotions)  of email, how to make a connectivity between subject line and Email Text body so there I'm so many things are learned and Explore. Hopefully, I can proper use them in real life to write a Professional Email.Again , many many thanks for your guidance.Thank you so much .
In my opinion, course "Write Professional Emails in English" is very useful, it includes a lot of necessary information. On the other hand, this course is a quite concise and efficient. There is not overkilled information in the videos, they are clear and well structured. The tasks for control are creative and practical geared. There are numerous additional resources for deep learning of the subject. I am appreciative to the teacher – Jerry Landers who was highly professional, polite, and really positive person, as well as a beautiful lecturer. Thanks course team and fellow learners for quick feedback. I would like to recommend this course to other learners.
Subject: Appreciation and thanks for assistantDear Professor Gerry Landers,My name is Taslim Arif. I am from India.Recently, I received my Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science and Engineering from Lovely Professional University. I would like to thank you and appreciate your effort that you put on this course. Please also assist me further.  It was a great pleasure and blessing for me to learn from you. Certainly knowledge gained from this course is going to improve my email writing technique.Thanks again.Best wishes,Taslim ArifXyz
the course is very good for beginners or who actually work . the course makes me more professional and improves my writing skills and the clients reply on my emails more than before. the course specifically strength some points such as : how to choose the subject line based on the content of the email and the introduction of your email is very important because the receiver will motivate to open and read your email when he find the right subject and your purpose of the email. thank you for providing this awesome course
It's an amazing course. I recommend this course to everyone. I can tell you from my experience that before attending this course I knew very few things about email writing but after completing it I have gained confidence in writing professional emails. Even if you know nothing about email writing, after completing this course you will be able to write any kind of email. I am really thankful to Mr. Landers, Georgia tech. and Coursera for providing such an amazing course. Thanks a lot.
Mr. Landers thank you for your course. I can advice this course to everyone.I would like to mention the three most important elements when I would be writing professional e-mails: 1) read and check before sending an e-mail, 2) the e-mail should have the following sections intro, development, and conclusion, 3) and be brief and clear. Last the best advice that I received was to keep my own language when I write an e-mail. This make the e-mail communication an authentic one.
I have learned a lot from Coursera and grateful for my tutor and other mentors. Thank you Georgina Institute of Technology. I would recommend so many friends, family members to study online using Coursera site. This course has benefited me so much, I have corrected all the errors I would make while writing and replying emails. Looking forward to learning another course from this site. May the Lord bless you abundantly. Thank You! Best regards, Kanji Christine.
This course was helpful for me and I guess it would also be helpful for a couple of colleagues coming from 20 different countries. I felt a little bit unhappy not to know how peer reviews are selected that were offered to me. On the other hand I had to wait for necessary peer reviews even if I reviewed a lot more than needed. It might be a good idea to give those a prefereble chance to get a review that do a lot of peer reviews for others.
How interesting was the experience to learn the professional Email writing skills. After taking this course, it has increased my confidence in writing email. I appreciate your  way of teaching and knowledge. It has enhanced my knowledge and capacity, and now i'm looking forward to resume my office again after the lock down situation, which i hope would come to an end soon.Wishing best of luck to you and your team!Sumbal Salamat
I enjoyed this course, classes are short and  they go straight to the point. Attention never falls. I have "taken away" many tips to improve the way in which I write my professional emails. Very interesting., very useful. I strongly recommend it. Last, but not least, the peer's reviewing assignments lead learners to engage, making efforts to express theirselves  meeting people of different cultures. Five stars!
I am glad that I made a wise decision to enroll myself in this course "Write Professional Emails in English". Email writing is an important part of our daily work. I learned a lot from this Coursera course. I really appreciate our respected professor & mentors, appreciate the way of teaching with their effort, and providing us this valuable course. Looking forward to having more courses like this in Coursera.
very interesting course , simple and useful . I have learned different skills in writing emails in English , the different parts of email and how to write each part perfectly , what to do and what to avoid . Also , different cultures and communication based whether it's high context or low context communication . and many many other useful skills .thanks Coursera  and Georgia Institute of Technology  teams .
Dear Gerry Landers,
Hello! My name is Yoselin Kilpatrick, I just want to thank you for all the information provided in this course. It is very useful, and congratulate you for the way you deliver the information, it is easy to understand. It has been a pleasure and a good experience to study the course.Thank you very much for your time and help us improve our professional emails.Sincerely, Yoselin Kilpatrick
Thank you very much. The course is a good source for Speakers of other languages and for anyone interested in writing better emails.  I now tend to look at my emails twice (even three times) before sending. I also learnt not to add the recipient's email until I have read the content twice and made sure it is appropriate, polite and aims at what I'm sending it for. That was a good hint. Thank youMaria Barreto
This course increased my confidence in writing emails professionally. It provides information on what to do and what you shouldn't to make it formal. The videos were short but managed to provide essential information. Over all, I enjoyed learning in this course because of the visuals and additional resources given. I've learned not only by the modules but also with Coursera peers checking my assignments.
An outstanding course to know about how a professional email should be written. However, I had difficulties to write, submit and review assignment through mobile. My assignment's (Email) paragraphs alignment had changed automatically in mobile but when I resubmitted those by PC,  those were really easy to be done. Thanks a lot to Coursera, Georgia Language Tech Institute, and specially Mr. Gerry Landers.
Hello, Course is very helpful and I learned lot of things related to professional emails. But I have one problem related to my assignment grade of rewrite kevins email. I am not passed in rewrite kevins email assignment  so then I resubmit my assignment before next deadline but still I can't get my grade and deadline finished. My link is not reachable hence nobody can review it. Please help me 🙏
This is my first basic course on professional writing. I really appreciate the organisation of the course content. I made my own go-to notes and created a list of examples for my reference. I loved the way instructor highlighted all critical aspects of email writing which gets ignored in our day to day dealings. I would recommend this course to students, instructors and other professionals.
One of the best courses that I have opted on Coursera. Before that, I had a lot of difficulty in writing emails. This course and this professor has taught us so well that I have build self-confidence in myself and now I am able to write an email to anyone without hesitation. Thank you, Professor, for this amazing course. I would love to take other courses under this professor's supervision.
thank you for this respectable informative course. sincerely thanks for courser our second school and for this doctor our father. I have learnt many skills and now I know how to write professional emails in English and this is because all of youe efforts really big thanks for coursera  and Georgia institute of technology and our nice respectable dr / larry thanks to you all and best regards
It has been a great learning experience for me. I came to learn how to write professional emails. This course is really very helpful for those who want to learn to write professional emails. At last I would like to thank Coursera who gave a wonderful learning platform and also I am very grateful to prof.Gerry Landers for making us understand the concept of professional email writing.
After doing this course I feel my self is a lucky person in this globe because I have learnt how to write apology and request emails and even the four parts of the email like Subject line, Greetings, email text and closing these are very important to become a successful leader that we Write professional email. I appreciate coursera team and instructors for teaching us. Best regards
In addition to me a lot of e-mail knowledge, this course is more important for every person who works with different nationalities (to communicate with people who have different participation skills). Thanks to all those in charge of the course and thanks to the Coursera Organization. A special thanks to Mr. Jerry ✌
Do not hesitate to study this course because it is very beautiful
Dear Gerry,I would like to thank you for your efforts, and I believe we will meet soon by the next course, that's beceause your proffessional way and easiest trend to teach some one. thanks again and I appreciate the system or regiem that allowed to teach people for free for real investment in minds as I think.Best Regard.Batch Plant ManagerGeologist. Youssef Ismail
I want to thank coursera online education center, specially profesor Gerry Landers he thought us with clear pronunciation and smile , I learn  from coursera not only professional email writing                                   I  improved  my  English language listening thank you much.                               keep your self and the others  from COVID 19
My name is Jose Antonio (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11) My experience in speaking English is small because I don't practice it every day.I am in transition career to Data Scientist, doing specializations at Coursera.  English could help me a lot at this moment in my professional life.Congratulations to Coursera and Teacher of this course.Regards.
Dear Mr. Gerry Landers,I would like to thank you very for this Excellent course, I think that nobody can deny the benefit and the precious information that we are learning from your lectures. I believe that we are lucky to be students at your course. I wish you further progress and prosperity in your business life. Best Regards. Basil Al-Askary
I enjoyed this course really because I was very amazed to see the comments on my submission ☺️ I thank this course team from the bottom of my heart for making us intellectual
I am very glad to complete this course through coursera . It is really a very nice platform for the learners like me. I genuinely expressing my feeling that all that I have learnt from the course have changed my thinking process drastically. I would like  to give thank Mr. Landers from my heart for his  fabulous presentation. Specially the course is well furnished for all cultural background learners. That is the main attraction of the entire course. I personally recommend for taking this course . This is really helpful  for English writing skill development along with professional email writing.
Dear Friends , After completing this course , I am able to write " Professional Emails " well. I understood, the main concept of the course through the videos and the quizzes.Through ever assignment, I understood that, what one should "Do" and what one should not do while writing a Professional email. My favorite topic  is "High and Low context communication skill.It is very new to me. I wish to thank my Teachers, who taught us  through videos and also my mentors who reviewed my assignments.                                            Thank you,Best Regards,Vijayalaxmi
This course did help a lot. Writing letter all of a sudden was a way big task for a person like me who did not have to deal with any official matters earlier but now I am confident to write a letter to anyone , anytime. This course in particular taught me to be precise, formal, polite and use of many grammatical things. It was very helpful. At the end I would thank Coursera who gave platform and helped people like us. Thanks
Thank you Professor Landers and Georgia Institute of Technology for making this beautiful course. People reading this review, I want to tell you that this course is one stop destination if you want to learn about the basics of professional Email Writing. If you are dilligently willing to invest time, you can complete this course in two days. So go for it, if you want to learn some new tips and skills.
I highly recommend this course. It was a clear and useful course. Many times, we believe that writing emails is a normal conversation with the other person and we forget to pay attention to the essence. When we acquire the skills to write emails in the right way, our reader realizes that we are a professional person and will make a good impression.
I really enjoyed learning to write Professional Emails in English. These videos and exercises were arranged in a way that helped to complete in a short time. In the end now I am most excited that I can now with full confidence can write and respond to email in a professional way.Thank you Coursera Community.Best Regards,Aneel Kumar03412888249
I strongly recommend this beneficial course for everyone, not just for email writing etiquette, but also is useful in many other language aspects. i am very thankful to Sir Jerry and his great efforts for making this more and more useful and easy, and also to my peers in this course who graded me with their sincere comments and feedbacks.
Hello! Thanks so much to Coursera by Georgia Tech in offering these types of courses. It's great to have access to the easy way to continue growing or studies. The instructor Garry Landers was excellent in this Course. Accessible to understand and very professional. I will recommend taking classes in Coursera! See you in the next Course!
The course is very good for understanding the basic etiquette of writing a professional mail. In addition, you will get to know how to write to different types of email and what language to be used. Overall, the course give you a brief knowledge of professional emails. Go on, subscribe to this course. You will not regret. Happy Learning!
This course has taught me to how to write professional e-mails in a detailed manner . I can now clearly understand how to write these e-mails to various recipients no matter in what countries they are no matter in which continent they are. Thanks to Mr. Gary Landers for his excellent instructing. Thanks to commonwealth and to Coursera
It was wonderful learning experience on Coursera e-learning platform, I really enjoyed the session. The language used in video is very easy to understand. Thanks a lot to Mr. Gerry for these wonderful sessions, I will recommend this course to my every friend who really want to improve and understand the basic of English communication.
I entered here with zero proficiency. Prior to starting this course, I don't actually have a professional email address. Currently, after finishing off this course, I discovered so many techniques & mastery for composing a professional email. Special gratitude to Landers for his ongoing support & extraordinary instruction strategies.
Very helpful course. Professor Gary  explains very good the topics and it is a very friendly person that makes you want to come back and watch the videos, I am thankful for being able to take the class, and I look forward to continue with them.If Profesor Gary is in another class, I will take it .Thanks for your help.Teresa M. Perea
Big thank you to Sir Gary for this incredible course.I would like to express my appreciation for this well-structured and practical online course content. Coursera, you are really doing a great service. All your videos are so valuable, to the point and really easy to understand the necessary information.RegardsBabar from Pakistan
This has been an awesome course which has enabled me to write my emails with great confidence. I am able to write recipients of high context and recipients of low context with out any doubt. I would like to express my gratitude for Mr. Gerry Landers and the team of this course for enabling me to benefit from this resource.Thanks!
Highly recommended .I am thankful to coursera for introducing such courses.This course is not only limited to videos and written content  but assignment and quizzes are fun,i really enjoyed.Discussion Forums helps in getting contact with other learners and you can have their valuable suggestions also.Best experience till now.
This course is very suitable for professional email writing. Those who want to learn everything about professional email writing can definitely do the course. What I have learned from this course will definitely be useful in my professional life. Thanks Coursera team along with Georgia Tech Institute to provide this course.
One of the best courses on Coursera for writing Emails in a professional manner. This course covers all the basic details that one should remember while writing an email. This course will also cover how to write emails to different countries which differ with your culture.Overall you would learn much more from this course.
Dear Mr. Gerry Landers,I really like your course. This course provided to me a lot of knowledge and information to write email effectively and professionally. I would like to send my thanks to you. In the next time, I hope I can receive more  effective courses from you. Best wishes,Duong.
It was awesome experience to be one of the lucky ones who joined this course.It helped to learn various types of Emails.Mr.jerry was awesome to explain the course and took us step by step to reach.I am interested to join new coures and get more information more knowledge.Thank you so much
The course was well structured and precise.Very good for beginners in English to gain the necessary email writing sills to work in the business world.Your smile definitely adds value to this course, Mr. Gerry Lander.The concept that every week has a peer graded assignment is really cool.
When I started, I thought I was going to be easy but no. No, because to really understand this course, you have to follow and read all information and links gave in this program to understand and form yourself better.I really enjoyed being part of these lessons!!! Thanks a lot.
Thank you EmailDear Sir Jerry,Good Day! I would like to thank you for being our online teacher for the course of "Write Professional Emails in English". I am glad to have a certificate such this one. I have learned a lot.Thank you very much and more power!Regards,Dante Victoria
"Write professional emails in English" is an excellent course. Through this course, I learnt different skills that can be used while writing email. Everybody writes email but to make it professional is little bit challenge. This is course that can break through this challenge.
Highly recommend this course to everyone who wants to improve theirs emails writing skills. Professor Gerry Landers is wonderful through the entire course with his lessons and tips. I consider this class as a must  to all of them who wants to connect with the word of nowadays.
A lot of email etiquette rules are obvious, but using them is much easier when all of them are logically arranged. Thank you a lot for putting my knowledge in the right order and adding new facts! Hope, I'll look more professional when writing emails to my colleagues nowadays.
This course is really awesome. I have learnt many new things about professional email writing from the mentor of the course. The mentor used to tell each and every point in very friendly manner. I'm really lucky that I've got a chance to learn from him and polish my skills.
The course was incredible, because I got to know the communication of other cultures in addition to improving my professional writing. In addition, the structure and content of the course provided by the teacher were simple, direct and objective. Excellent job, Mr. Landers.
Super comprehensive, fun and dynamic course. I really love it because I learned a lot things about write  professional emails in english, things like how to interact with people from other cultures, age and gender or how to development an idea in the text body of the email.
It was a wonderful experience to learn about this course. I learned about the important parts of an email and the things to be taken care of.  I wholeheartedly thank the mentor, Mr Gerry Landers, for teaching at a progressive level with examples and through Assignments.
Dear Sir, I am Dileep Kumar from Pakistan. I was student of the course "write professional emails in English". Before this course I had no any idea of writing email. But now I have learnt how to write emails to different people. Thanks Gerry Landers and Coursera team.
It was an worthy opportunity. Honestly at first glance i thought it was some normal email writing course but actually it's pretty interesting and literally not boring.I'd recommend it for any English beginner and for anyone who want to understand their email readers.
The course was amazing especially the Teacher Mr. Gerry Landers was very cool and his way of teaching was extraordinary. This course improved myself a lot about writing emails in more professional way. I am also thankful to Coursera  for providing me the opportunity.
This course was useful to improve my writing skills in general. I realized I need to take an advanced writing class, but it was a great beginning. I highly recommend taking this course. The videos were clear enough about each topic, and the assignments were adequate.
It is a great course. I believe I have learned a lot of practical email writing techniques from the course. The short videos were easy to understand, and effective in getting necessary things to improve one's emails. Sincere thanks to everybody related to the course.
It is a very  useful course. However I am again dissapointed about Coursera's new plocy about assigments, only paid students can participate. I was woundering pier review assignments can be opened for all stdents,  perhaps certificate can be given to paid students.
I really appreciate Cousera for such opportunity. The course was easy to understand, it also had subtitles for some of us who are slow in speech, also has download option for videos (offline). It teaches a lot especially grammar, punctuation and English standard.
I noticed an improvement in writing professional emails, and it kept me interested in continuing and completing this course. Thanks to professor Landers and Georgia Tech for the high standards and contributions to the online professional education. Casey Malaver.
It's a useful course but unfortunately i didn't get the certificate...it says that it misses the signature of some instructor therefore there is a problem with downloading i hope this problem can be fixed as the certificate is important for our career jobThanks
Thanks for this course. It's an-eye-opener. I've learnt so much to help improve my professional use of email.Thanks to my moderator.Thanks to my friends from around the world.Thanks to covenant University for the great privilege to enhance and build capacity.
I have learned a lot of things in this course including the basic parts of professional emails, communication styles/cultures, language and the context of professional emails. I recommend this course for all the students and professionals as well. Thank you.
Learning how to write a professional email on coursera is great. I can confidently write a well structured email after this course, it is also easily identify errors in an email. Thanks to Coursera team and our great instructor, Mr Gerry Landers.  Thank you.
It is a privileged to learn from the expert.  Lessons are all clear and easy to understand . This course is a must for everyone who wants to become a professional email writer. I have an excellent experience studying this course. Thank you again Mr. Landers!
Thank you so much for this course. It really helped me to understand both writing and vocabulary when writing emails. I live in Sri Lanka and there is no any course on email writing when we learn English. It is very very important to me and now I am so confident. I feel like that writing an email is nothing to me ! You’re the real person who deserve my respect sir. In addition to the email writing I learnt many things that are relevant when we live as a person in society! I love America forever even if I live here in Sri Lanka. I am so happy I could learn this under another American 🇺🇸 and I could take this certificate from American university! This means a lot to me! God bless y’all and America 🇺🇸 -Jerry Shriver-I believe I reincarnated in Sri Lanka after the Nam war!
Dear MeMy name is Bakare Mosunmola Muftiah,I am from Nigeria.Nigeria is a high context based culture,but with over ethnicities marked differences exist within individual cultural belief.Everybody has an ambition in life.aim or ambition is the inner aspiration of man.no man can do anything in the world without aim,so all of us should be very determine about our aim in life .On my conclusion I discover that life is meant to be lived avidly and with visualization to do good for your fellow being.keeping this aim in mind,I have always desire to serve my people in whatever capacity I can.Sincerely yours(Signature)Mosunmola
I'm very happy to complete this course. I learned many things from this course regarding emails. I learned how to communicate with a person belonging from different culture either high-context or low-context culture via email. And the most important thing is that this "Write professional emails in English" course helped me in learning how to communicate, apologize or make request to our colleague or subordinates of a particular organization. So, I recommend you to purchase this course.
Hello,everyone, I'm Triraj das. I completed this professional email english Course and learned a lot. The system of teaching,  taking quiz & assignment is so helpful for easy Lear.  I feel confident myself for my job career. Thank you, for giving me the opportunity to make my skills grow with new energy.  I will follow your guidance in my work-life. Thank you.
I am glad to participate in such a course offered by Georgia Institute of Technology on Coursera.By participating  in the course i have earned various skills like writing emails professionally and how to use words formally and much more.I also want thank Mr.Gerry Landers who have given his precious time to make us concept understanding very well .Thank you
I am a recent graduate from the Faculty of Medicine, Rajarata University of Sri Lanka. During the covid19 crisis Coursera was an excellent way for us to continue our education online with proper standards. This course helped me gain proffesional qualifications needed for my future career. Hope Coursera extend the subscription for our university further.
Dear Mr. GerryFirst of all, let me expire my deepest gratitude for your effort with us at this course, it was a pleasure and privilege to be a student of you and  Georgia Institute of Technology, I have learned lots of new information about how to write a professional email from you.Thank you for your time and effort. Best RegardsMohamed Yehia
I liked this course, super easy to comprehend and also easy to view content too. I was not sure how this course will progress but it was super. I like that explanation videos were covered only in 5 to 8 min. it helps viewer to sustain attention. I am recommending  this course to my friends and in future definitely enroll in the next courses.
I was a beginner when I started this course. After completion of it, I can say I have invested my time and energy in such a course that has undoubtedly improved my e-mail writing skill. I have get to learn a lot of things that a professional must know before entering in a corporate field. All thanks to Mr. Gerry. He's way too good! Thanks.
Dear Mr. Landers,My name is Liliana. I am a senior professional in the academic environment but I have never thought about the importance and impact of writing an email before. The course was clear and precise. I have enjoyed studying and now I feel very motivated to continue learning. Thank you.Sincerely,Liliana Abascal
Thanks a lot to Gerry Landers for this awesome course, perfectly through and easy to understand. I'm so happy to with all I takesaway from this great course. Excellent work Teacher Gerry, GOD bless you and you can continuing teaching and sharing your knowledge with people around the world . Thanks a lot to Coursera too.
I really enjoyed this course, all of it, including the high context vs low context communication section. I wish more people were aware of how powerful this tool can be.  Many thanks to Gary Landers (the instructor), my peers, Georgia tech, Coursera, and the team behind this project. I highly recommend this course.
Hurray! I have learned writing professional emails in English. My instructor taught me in a friendly manner and I enjoyed this course a lot. Now, I am able to write crisp and concise sentences.Thanks a lot Coursera and specially Higher Education Commission Pakistan for Awardee of such a great course on free of cost
It was a great course and I am very happy with my new skills. I completed the five weeks, but I didn´t have money to do a pay course. I think, if you could do something like this, is better to us have the access to this locked places just to complete de tasks, without an evaluation.Thank you so much.Vanessa Thiago
This course provides a great deal of aspects in a professional email and of how to use punctuation and capitalization correctly. Learners will get the knowledge not only in writing an email but also in writing in general.  If one is looking for a way to better communicate in a digital age, this class is for you.
It's a very interesting course and I highly recommend it. Previously I was struggling when I had to write an email. But now I know that I can write professional emails confidently. The lectures are well organized and it's very easy to understand to anyone. I want to thank Coursera to bring us this opportunity.
I am very happy to participate for this course. I really appreciate it and I recommend this caurse for if you want to improve your email writing skills here is best opportunity. thankful for the coursera team. I also thanks to the professor Mr. Landers who provides wonderful speech and explanation. Thank you.
A course which will help you to understand the importance of writing an email, and also the key benefits on how to prioritize your email. Also, the professor has explained the way of communication in different countries was a cherry on the cake. Overall, the course was very helpful and with immense knowledge.
Even though I did not enroll for a certificate course, I could say it was awesome! I learned a lot of do's and don't in writing professional emails. I know this will be very useful in my profession. Everything discussed in each module made sense. Mr. Landers is also a great and effective instructor. Kudos!
This is an amazing course for those who are looking for improvement in their writing english email skills. It is also a good course to improve our writing skills in general. The professor Gerry Landers and Georgia Institute of Technology paid great attention and care with this course. I strongly recommend.
I learned so much from this course especially the culture to write an effective professional email.  I strongly recommend this course for everyone who is in the management field dealing with their clients through email communication.  Gerry landers made this course so simple in language and teaching too.
I would like to write an compliment for Gerry Landers give me a better understanding about the course of Write Professional Emails in English. His teaching is very clear, professional and yet very friendly and well presented.I recommended to anyone who wants to enhance on English business writing skills.
The course is quite helpful, especially for fresh graduates who just learn to write emails in English in the office. The course is conducted in good logical orders, and very informative. I recommend students to learn this course before graduation, in order to prepare for the future working environment.
I didn't think  much about the Emails earlier. I thought emails as just passing an  information. But, after the completion of the course, I felt very confident in sending mails. Now I am following all the tips and rules of our class. Thank you very much Gerry Landers for your time and effort in this.
This course helped me in email writing. It reminded me of the Dos and Don'ts. Three things that I've learned: be polite and mindful of the recipient's culture, be professional by using proper grammar, and always double-check your email before sending it. This course is very informative and organized.
This course is much helpful to improve Communication skills. I gained a lot of knowledge regarding Professional Emails.I am really thankful to the instructor and to Georgia University Tech. for teaching me and helping me to complete this course.I believe that the course will help me in my future .
Before I took this useful course, I have failed so many times to write professional emails to send them wherever or whoever I was supposed to. Since whatever I have learned from this course, I became much more confident and aware of how to write professional emails with considering its all rules.
What an excellent course it is! There are many mores to learn from here. In this era of globalization, writing formal email helps you to extend your communication skills. From here I have got a complete blending of the pros and cons of professional email. Thank you sir and thanks to all of you.
The courses helped on how to write professional emails. I was so grateful for the professors, and the opportunity to take this amazing course. The courses helped me to improve my self-esteem and confidence. Overall, the classes were unique and thoughtful. I had a great time learning the class.
This course will help the student understand low-context and high-context culture.  The best way to structure an email with a subject line, greeting, email text and closing that work in concert for effectiveness.  Many more great instructions to help the writer create effective communication.
I am glad to participate in this course. I really appreciate it and thankful for the coursera team. I also thanks to the professor Mr. Gerry Landers who have given wonderful speech with explanation, examples. This course is very useful to students as well as professionals also.  Thank You.
I found that Gerry Landers, covers some really good information in this course.  He gives good do and dont in writing best practices and how to format messages to different scenarios.  I would recommend the course to those who want to polish up basic communications to peers, customers etc.
Excellent course that everyone needs to take before entering into the Corporate world. Mr. Landers was an excellent instructor. His instructions were clear and precise and his wit and charming manner held my interest. I am glad I could do this course for free with the audit course option.
I think this is the best course for anyone who is working in any organization. This course is very well organized,  covering all aspects of writing an email. This course is very useful to develop professional skills in day to day communication. I will highly recommend to take this course.
Justify my recommendation with concrete evidence and specific examples.Be specific so the authors know what they need to do to improve.Be thorough. This might be the only time you read the manuscript.Be professional and respectful. ...Remember to say what you liked about the manuscript!
It was an amazing experience to be a part of this journey where the video lessons, quiz and assignments everything has been so organised and prepared for the students to understand easily.I thank the video lecturer, Mr.Larry, for his skilled teachings and proactive examples.
Thanks to Coursera and Georgia Institute of Technology for offering this course. I am thankful to Prof. Gerry Lander for explaining everything so nicely. I am so happy to complete this course successfully.  The assignments were very good so we can practice the topics.
The way of presenting was excellent. Loved the clarity and the simplicity of the adviser. And his little smile throughout the presentations added more enthusiasm. Thank you Sir or should I say Thank you Gerry as I have known you for sometime now. Cheers.
The instructor delivers the ideas pretty clear and related to my level of English. I not only apply this to write professional emails in English but also in my native language, the outcome has been great since I get more quick email responses nowadays!
Dear Mr. Landers,My name is Nahuel Pregot and I have recently completed this course. I would like to thank you for the excellent content and material provided.I really enjoyed learning more about this topic. Thank you again.Best,Nahuelnpregot@gmail.com
Thanks for having this useful tips and information available for all of English learners. I was looking for this specific course until I met a Russian teacher who has recommend . I Hope I can attend as many other courses from this University as I can
I am sanjay, I am verygreatful to cousera to give this opportunity for learning commusion skill even first section I am learned about  email writing from that I get many more ideas and confident of email writing, I  really  thankful full to coursera
The course was excellent  I love the  way of teaching. I am a student and I enroll it for free , but after  I started learning it looked like I have paid thousand bucks to an online tutorials , because the best teacher always charges high Thank  You
excellent content, very well structured, although my native language is not English, and my command of it is little, he can understand each concept thanks to his good pronunciation, and the way in which he vocalizes it, thanks to a great experience
It is a very useful course and I gained a healthy knowledge about the email. This course provide you the best way how to write professional email including all the grammatical aspects. Thanks for providing this course to Coursera and Gerry Landers.
I am very thankful to Gerry Sir and Coursera team which has given me an opportunity to learn and to make an improvement in my writing skills. Please keep on motivating needy people like me. This course has made me boost my confidence. Thanks a lot.
One of the great courses offered by Georgia University. Before attending this course I was a drop of water and after the completion of this course now I am a pond of water and this course introduces the sea shore. A great course I had ever had !!!
This is one of the best courses. I learned more new and interesting things through this course and it build-up confidence in writing professional emails.  I recommend this course for everyone and you learn more new things by studying this course.
Hi everyone, First of all i will thank Geogia Tech university and the mentors of the course for designing such an amazing course to understand the ABC of professional email writing they have well explained and in a very good and friendly manner.
This course help me a lot means a lot. Initially I don't know to write professional email after attending this course i am able to write professional email to someone. Thank you so much Georgia Institute of Technology from my bottom of my heart.
A very basic course, yet very important for professional careers. Course content was concise and easy to understand. I have learnt a lot and made notes from the course. This course will definitely be helpful in all my future email communication.
This was the best course that gave me the opportunity to Learn and grow as a Professional Writer. I would like to thanks Coursera and especially Professor Landers for their genuine effort to help learners like me all around the world. Thank you.
Grateful for the opportunity you have given me to learn everything related to the correct writing of an email in a Professional way in English, Thank you very much Professor Gerry Landers, For all your advice, Greetings from Panama; Thank you.
This course has helped me to understand other people culture when it comes to writing an email. Very good information for any one that is trying to improve their knowledge in knowing differences in writing email to people from other cultures.
I really appreciated for all your effort to created this classroom.This class helped me so much;in addition to this experience I am also very happy to attend your classroom.I have upgraded my confidence since I started to take this classroom.
This course is really clear and useful. It helps me to find out and correct many mistakes that I had during writing Emails. Besides, there are many great examples telling us which kind of emails are good and which are not.I like it very much!
I may not have been able to write a professional email before enrolling in this
course, but now I can do it the proper way. Usually, preciously, I am in descriptive
and less direct in nature. Thankfully this course improves my writing skill.
This course was amazing! The instructor was fluent, and he pointed out every small details of professional email. Though it is quarantine period, if we survive this I hope I will benefit from this course and the materials in the future life.
The way the course "how to write a professional email" is explained and arranged is excellent. And I would like to thank the Coursera team, Gerry Landers Sir and the Georgia Tech Institute for offering this course to upgrade my competencies
This course was easy and very informative. I enjoyed this course and learned many things and also learned about my mistake which I was doing while writing the email. The tutor was also good and with help of him the course became more easy.
Excellent course! It provides many tips that help you to be more confident when writing professional emails, and at the same time, it allows you to improve your overall english skills (vocabulary, grammar, punctuation, and capitalization).
I thought it was a fantastic course, thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to take them.The other thing I wanted to comment is that I have problems downloading my certificate. Could someone please help me with that?  Thank you.
It was a very good course. Jerry helped me understand how important is to communicate properly with others via e mail, taking under consideration many different aspects and rules to achieve a proper writing communication.  Thank youGonzalo
Dear Mr Landers,Thank you for this usefull and interesting course. It was really interesting to know about features of correspondence in The USA and other countries. I will try to use everything you told us. Best regards,Lidiia Korenbaeva
Writing email in professional courteous way is  a plus for anyone.  The Teacher does  a good job explaining the various phases of writing and  how to improve them. The peers reviewed assignments could be improved.Overall good class.Mik
Subject: Review of the courseDear Sir, I am Sankavi. From this course I learned how to write professional email. Every module was interesting. I hope this course will help my peers. Thank you for this opportunity.Best regards,Sankavi.K
First, I want to thank all people working on this site.Second, My special thanks to the professor/ Gerry Landers.Third, This course is amazing for all people who want to get a lot of information about how to write a professional Email.
Amazing Course!!Got to learn new things from this course which otherwise i was not aware off. I am confidient that with what i have learned through this course ,I would be able to write professional emails effectively and efficiently.
This course is useful for me!I'm not a native English speaker. So I always wanted to write a professional email written in English. But I didn't know how to do it.Now, I get very much confidence. There is no fear of writing the email.
I have to read hundreds of emails a week but I knew I was going to learn something useful during this class and indeed I did.  I took notes that I look at almost every day while writing my emails and I feel like I have improved a lot.
Excellent course designed by Georgia tech. I learnt many things which I do not know before. Also, they provide details of reading. I liked very much. Anyone who wants to improve their communication skills in emails they should do it.
Thank you for this course.This course is really useful for how to write professional email writing.The author here is more knowledgeble.This course teaches me  how to write email writing.Once again thank you for this course offered.
Very simple. The lessons are organized in short videos, the explanations are followed by examples and practice.Very useful so far. I just finished the first week and I already feel a bit more confident with my written communication.
This course is great for learn to write emails with better punctuation, capitalization and grammar. Also, you learn many things about the culture, appropiate words for send emails and different types of emails. It´s a great course.
I would like to thanks the instructor of this course, how he explained everything in a simple and good manner, and I learned many things from this course on how to write a professional email.
Once again thanks to Mr. Gerry Landers.
It helps a lot to aware about application, request, business deals as well as formal communication types of mail drafting. Thank you for providing such information. I like the review process. It helps to get what others can know..
It is a valuable and fruitful course. I went through this course since the practice makes perfection.Gerry, the lecturer, explains ideas clearly and softly. The syllabus sharpened my writing skills. I would recommend this course.
Very helpful and clears out the main points. All the resources are in one place which makes it easier to understand, The videos were interactive and fun. Each video ended with a summary which I found to be helpful. Great course,
It is a wonderful course for professionals and students. I will definitely revise your technical writing skills of a professional Emails. I really enjoyed this course and I recommend it to all who want to sharpen their writing.
In the society so many people with different behaviour and character for that communication skills and communicate different people is very useful and this  course of Write Professional Emails in English is very useful for us.
Before enrolling in this course i did not know the way to write as a professional. This course help me a lot how to write a mail ,what are the parts of a email . Now i am felling more comfortable to write a professional email.
This was a great course, it was challenging enough but the instructor did a great job at reviewing and explaining. I'm really proud of my emails because as I type all the lessons from each module ring in my mind. Way to Go!!!
First of all, I would like to present my hearty thanks to Mr. Landers for making the course seem so effortlessly possible. The course is really exciting and has a lot of unknown information to be learnt.Fantastic experience!
Really it was amazing course with Professor. Landers. I advice you to have this course it's very useful especially if you want to understand how to write formal emails. Thanks for Coursera platform for providing this course.
The course contains brief, clear, and easy to understand information about how to write an email to the person.  The peer-review assignment checks your grasp on the knowledge and provides good feedback on the fundamentals.
First of all thanks to Georgia Institute management for offering such a prestigious course. After attending this course, I am able to write emails in a professional way and at the same time able to review emails of others.
In my opinion, that is a wonderful course of English. Because it is very complete of knowledge and new experiences. I am pretty sure that improve your skills about write Professional Emails, Punctuation and Capitalization.
I am so happy that I chose this course. Amazed by the politeness and preciseness of our mentor. I am confident now. All thanks to sir. Thank you Coursera. The email writing course indeed give you what you are looking for.
It is very helpful course and easy to learn, here professor of  Georgia Tech. giving such a great knowledge about how to write a professional email. overall it was an amazing experience. Thank you for a wonderful course.
Hello, Fantastic course! Definitely five out of five. I loved how Mr. Landers presented the learning material. The information in the course is useful and straight to the point.   Thank you Mr. Landers. Regards,Anna Said
He is an excellent and effective communicator. Made the learning so simple and easy to understand. I have taken so many courses in Coursera, but this is the best that I felt in terms of teaching. Best Regards,Ishani Das
There were so many things missing earlier when I used to write an email, With this course, few things have improved I can say that. Being a nonnative English speaker I feel good after taking this course. Thank you, sir.
I would like to recommend this course to you if you are the one who wants to improve your written communication. Also, If you would like to understand the different perspectives of cross cultures, enroll this course :).
Dear Instructor,This is to inform you that i could not get the certificate , with the below mentioned error.  Could not find signature for instructor Suzi Lee. Please notify the Instructor to upload oneplease see to it,
This course helped me understand some basics of writing professional emails in English. Course peers reviewed all of my assignments I wrote through the course. Also I am thankful to the lecturer. The videos were great!
The course on Write Professional Emails in English proved highly useful to me. I learned many basic as well as advanced aspects through this course. I am thankful to the instructor for such an extremely useful course.
I really enjoy this course with Mr. Landers and his wonderful way to teach us, I learned so important information to  write professional emails in English so I recommend every one to join this course, thanks for all.
This course provided me with the necessary tools to improve my written English. It was also interesting and didactic how Professor Landers approached the topics. I found the exercises quite practical and successful.
The entire course was very informative and Knowledgeable. The Instructor Mr Gerry Lander's made each week very interesting with topics discussed. Thank you and appreciate your efforts in helping us achieve the best.
It is an amazing course which has help me in improving and developing my overall writing skills in formal and informal emails. Thank you for reaching to us from this platform. But i didn't get the certifcate signed.
This MOOC is awesome! I learned so many things and especially how to adapt culturally to North American culture when writing emails.Thanks Gerry Landers and the Coursera team, it was a very pleasurable experience.
This course is really very helpful. Practical skills are shared that makes written  communication skills more effective in day to day mail correspondences. It's really great and adds value in personal development.
I would like to tell Mr. Gerry Landers that is he one of the best teachers ever. I already improved my skill with his simplified method. Thank you Mr.Jerry and in the next time i will call you Jerry without Mr :D.
I am very happy to complete this course because I learn a lot of new and correct uses of the English verb, words, style, communication-context easily. The faculty and course structure are also easy to understand.
The teacher explains the course clearly and uses simple examples to facilitate the learning process. The course helped me improve my knowledge of writing emails at a professional level and I highly recommend it.
This course was very useful for me to write professional emails...I would like to thank Gerry Landres, Coursera, Georgia Institue of Technology, and all the peers who support me to give this greater opportunity.
Very useful Course to learn about professional email writing. The one thing that I liked the most about this course is, each video includes Let's Review section at the end which will remind you the whole video.
This course was helpful in determining the professional manner in which to reply to my work emails. Thanks for making such an amazing course in which to improve my skills and make my communications much better.
Write Professional Emails
in English is not only a great Course but actually it should be mandatory for
everyone. I have enjoyed it a lot and
I have learned as well. Thank you very much for
such a great course!
Fantastic and great course indeed. Thanks to Mr Jerry Landers for this great course. Please keep up a good work. Looking forward to proceed another course in coming weeks. GreatHilary HiewJuly 7th 2020Malaysia.
The course is impeccable both in terms of the contents and the presentation. If I am asked a question by one of my contacts as to which English Email Course to take up, I will definitely refer them to this one.
I learned a lot of new things and it was really easy too. The quizzes and peer-graded assignments were really helpful. This course helps you improve your writing styles while writing different types of emails.
Thank you to Mr. Gerry Landers  for this interesting course. I have learned a lot. I recommend everyone to take this course. And also a big thank you to Cursera for giving us such a great opportunity to learn.
This course really helped me improve writing professional emails in english, I am very glad I took this course, now I am looking forward to see what other courses this Institute may offer. Thank you professor.
in my opinion this course is fantastic. The teacher is very clear and I've learned how to write properly a professional email in english and some important skills to remember when writing professional emails.
I very thankful to this course. So far, I learned many things. From way to write until way to communication. This is very recommended course for you who want to learn how to make an email in professional way.
Excellent course for basic understanding of how to write email. Best thing about this course is the instructor and that generic topics like events, apologies and announcement mails are covered in this course.
It was a brief, right to the point and very useful course that I recommend it to anyone who likes to improve their email writing abilities. Thank you Gerry and Course-era for sharing these knowledges with me.
This is an excellent course which I recommend to all my colleagues. People should know that professional emeil obliges one to follow business etiquette and respect the reader's time and cultural expectations.
It was really good experience to me.. I have learned a lot from here.. I learned how to write emails. I think this course is really helpful for each and every person. Thank you so much respected instructor..
This simple yet detailed course has really made me understand why it is important to have a structured email and also to maintain a polite note throughout. Many thanks to course creators. Highly recommended.
This course is very helpful and easily can understand. I learned in this course, how to professional email write. A email body structure, what i should do and don't.Thank you so much instructor Gerry Lander.
Mr. Landers is a great and knowledgeable person. It was a great experience and enjoyed a lot and the assignments help a lot. The structure of the course was arranged in a great manner. Enjoyed it. Thank You.
If you are not sure if your email will sound good to the reader this course is the quickest way to improve your writing skills. It is simple, objective, practical and the lecture videos are of high quality.
My opinion is that this course has helped me a lot. I can recommend this course if you want to improve your communicative skills by sending professionals emails in English. thanks so much! I have improved.
By enrolling in this course, I learnt the basics of email compositions and cultural context. The skill that I have gained from this course will certainly help me in communicating with professional setting.
We need more statements to use when composing emails. More methods and ways to expressing apology and to compose introductions. It was my great pleasure to be enrolled. I learned a lot. Thank you  so much.
IN these days emails very important for applicant and job seeker through internet . in the age of internet . we should write professional email to anywhere. myself i have got many thing from this course .
I love this course, anyone could take the course. The tutor and course content such as materials and quizzes are very engaging. This course has really improved my overall English language skills. Thanks.
This is a great course for someone who wants to learn Professional Email writing. Mr. Garry was really clear and enthusiastic in teaching us about the rules and concepts for writing a Professional Email.
it's a very helpful course clear, brief and important. the instructor are very knowledge with the content, he is so professional. thank you Georgia Tech and coursera for the high quality of this course .
Great experience,interesting and  informative content.I had a good experience with the course, i personally  suggest people seeking  to write and learn about professional email should enroll this course.
It was a wonderful course in which Igot lots of information about the email writing criteria and much more thank coursera for giving this opportunity, and availability of this type of wonderful courses.
The lecture  is good, clear enough and interesting. I understand well and now I know how to write an email professionally. I enjoy his lecture and I'm interested in joining other courses of his lecture.
I simply loved the course, and Mr. Landers is such an awesome teacher. I wish I had this kind of teacher in my university. Great opportunity to develop your social and professional abilities in English.
In this course,I have learned many and apply it already.The most important thing, I have learned in this course is writing email in a professional  way.It helps me to communicate others people properly.
I am very glad for being enrolled in this course. It helps to build your basic professional email writing skills. I am thankful to Coursera and Mr. Lander for providing such a nice and amazing content.
I would like to appreciate, the Coursera organization for making such opportunities and supporting me and everyone who pursue his/her improving the skills and proficiencies.Best wishes.Mohammad N. Jami
Looks very simple and easy course to complete, but the knowledge and information gained through this course help a lot in writing the emails in a professional manner. Thanks for this wonderful course
This a short and concise course on professional email writing. One can attend the whole course and then return back while writing important emails to ensure one leaves a strong impression on reader.
Really a great course and great tips to write emails in English! The materials and videos are clear and concise. The peer to peer methond helps to restate your knowledge. Congrats to Proffesor Larry
This is one of the best and most practical course I have ever taken in my life, it is high-quality made by an excellent instructors.  Thanks for your dedication in order to give the best education.
This is nicely designed and helped to develop skill as well as confidence. Presentation is really good. I could understand almost everything without subtitles, though English is my second language.
Best teacher ever! Great actitude, a lot of advices and very easy to understand his pronuntiation. I'm very thankful!I have now very knowledge and tools for professional communication :) Thank you!
It was a great experience. I am sure that this training will add many things to my professional career.Endless thanks to the esteemed institute and my dear teacher who provided me this opportunity.
I really liked this course because it was well-organized, provided us a lot of resources in order to improve the email writing skills. Thanks to the teacher for all the imformation well-explained.
Hello,I would really like to thank dear Gerry Landers,GeorgiaTech and Coursera for such a great course.In my honest opinion the course although brief, was very constructive.Wish you guys the best.
This is a really useful and helpful course. The Professor is really clear in his explanations, and the exercises are practical so you can implement what you learn.

Highly recommended. Thank you!
Amazing Course and Gerry Landers you are an amazing Instructor. Your videos are so good and also very helpful to learn easily. Thank you so much to make this course easy. Thank you Gerry Landers.
it was a wonderful experience, in addition to a lot of skills we also get to know about the difference and where to apply high context and low context emails. Thanks to Georgia Tech and Coursera.
I am proud of Coursera. In a very short time, I have learned a lot about how to write Professional Emails. Thanks a lot to my Tutor, classmates, and everyone who has contributed in my formation.
I learnt a lot of new, and interesting things from this course, and i would prefer Coursera to my friends to develop new skills from this platform. And I will continue my learning with Coursera.
I have got a lot of practical skills from this course ,such as the formal way of writing email, format of email , and culture differentiation.I do not have obstacle of writing email now.Thanks.
This is such an wonderful course. It has taught me to write emails professionally.I really  appreciate the instructor's cooperation and initiatives of Coursera.  Thanks very much. Best wishes.
This course is designed perfectly. It offered simple chronological steps which helped me think in more simpler ways while writing an email for different purposes. Everyone should try this out!
This is the Best course learning Basic things and which plays a crucial role in day to day life. A big thanks to Georgia Institute for bringing the course and A big thanks to Mr.Gerry Landers.
Dear Professor Landres It was a good experience I learned a lot, I really appreciate for give this opportunity to improve my communications skills  thank you so much Best RegardsMouna El hamri
The course was very well explained by the teacher. There are many interesting tips! You will finish it with many pieces of information and ability to write a perfect email. Thank you, teacher!
I just learned one course so far, and I feel the course is structured in the clear, to the point, effective and easy to practice immediately. It's so useful and practical to me, and I love it.
its a great learning experience. Thanks to the management for their encouragement to do a course in Georgia Institute of Technology. Happy to have a certificate received. it's an achievement.
It was an amazing experience for me and learned how to write a professional, I would like to thanks from Upwardly Global,  Coursera and Georgia Tech for  providing this wonderful opportunity.
This is a very good course that organized my knowledge of writing professional emails. The teacher is very well prepared and transfers knowledge in a very interesting way. I would recommend!
I have learned to write concise professional email in a structured way!  Throughout the peer review segment, it helps me to understand my mistake as well as learning from others. Thank you.
A simple and brief course covering the most significant aspects of a professional email. I would recommend it to all people who might need to communicate in English at a professional level.
I attempted to download the pdf version of my certificate but  I received a warning message to notify the instructor Ms. Suzi Lee to upload one. Untill now this problem has not been solved.
The course is very useful and clear. I think by the end of this course, my English communication skills will be improved. I also be able to write an email more professionnel. Thanks a lot !
Thanks a lot Mr. Landers and other authors  for this course! For me it's well-structured, memorizable. These simple, but very important tips were useful for me. That was just what i needed!
I found this course interesting because it is well structured and easy to understand. The course instructor has done everything to make this course a nice learning experience for students.
I Loved this course allot!!!!!! It removed my confusions and also made me skilled to prepare emails...Thank you Coursera for offering these courses....One should give a try to this course!
Its a wonderful program and I am looking forward to your course in future. I recommended this course to my friends/Colleagues. I thank and congratulate course coordinator and entire team.
This course is great to learn the various aspects and rules we have to remember when we write a professional email. This course is short and effective for all the people around the world.
It was my honour to go through this course having such a great teacher and his teaching methodologies. I have learnt many new things and will try to apply them in future, whenever needed.
I am very happy to get a certificate and join the course and thank the outstanding staff and learned how to write an email in a positive and expressive and communicate with other cultures
I love this course because submission have a peer reply. Wow! that's make connection with another students, and improve my passion to learn this course, I want the other course have this.
I am witnessing a change in my English writing. I feel great. Thank you coursera for introducing this course. Moreover, many thanks to the Professor for designing this course beautifully.
thecourseisreallygreat.Ilearnedhowtowriteprofessionalemails.additionally,Ibecame aware of the cultural differences when it comes communication. thanks for Georgia Institute of Technology
It was a really fun course. Thank you for that. I found it really useful for my work. I think everybody should at least listen this course who writes professional emails.Thank you again!
The course was excellent, I learned how we must write a professional 
Emails, these information is very important to my career because in my 
job I'm always sending Emails. Thank a lot.
it was very informative and skillful course . it improve my professional behavior in communication . tutor way of teaching was so impressive and polite too. i relay enjoyed this course
Thank You so much to Whole team member of this CourseThe things I like in this Course is Peer Review Assignment that I have to Check out the Email Written by Other Person. Thank You!!!
The instructions given throughout the course are quite useful. From them, you can create your own style and acknowledge the fundamentals when it comes to writing a professional email.
This course was incredibly valuable and overall,
it met my expectations. All assignments were relevant and contributed to improving  my English writing in a professional way. Thanks.
It was really helpful. Writing emails in English is an important skill cause emails are now considered as the   most important communicative system . This course helped me learn it .
I found this course was very informative and helpful to learn about various key languages to different types of emails and how culture affects what is appropriate in business emails.
I am pursuing BTech form CENTRAL UNIVERSITY OF HARYANA and joining this course firm not only to gain knowledge but also to get some real-life experiences for my bright future ahead.
This is a basic class for non-native English speakers. The presentation is concise. The course would benefit from a larger collection of  examples of professionally written e-mails.
I loved this course! It's comprehensible, the slides are well structured and I love that the tips are a little organized like a checklist! Exactly what I needed. Thank you so much!
Too much new things to know for beginers as well experts also. Its very usefull for each and every mail of your everyday life, in my point of view all people should do that cource.
I like this course which is concise and clear. It was designed to teach us how to write an email correctly, and I think it worked very well because I have learned a lot. Thank you!
This is very informative course, I suggest very one to take up this course to be pro in writing emails. The teaching was excellent and amazing. I would like to thank Georgia Tech.
This course was just beautiful.It was about basic things, but received that was important for better fluency of language in the professional world. I have improved my vocabulary.
This course is best for all people who working in corporate as well Industries. I recommended this one to all students who are in final year and will join any company in future.
I feel better than before when compare to my email writing.  It was a good experience learning from the GIT and specifically the author made a structured content.  Thanks a lot.
Successfully completed the course.  I am very glad that I did this course and I strongly recommend to other people to go for this undoubtedly. It has helped me to improve a lot.
I enjoy the course. The lectures are clear about the concepts you need to learn and the extra materials are an excellent complement to delve deeper into them. Thank you so much!
That course helped me better understand how to sound more professional in my emails, accounting on different aspects such an age of recipient, culture and type of communication.
Great material, clear and precise. You can improve strongly your written communication by adopting some little habits that will make the difference after completing the course.
This course teaches how to write professional emails in English. There are importants things about professional emails you have to consider and the course show excellents tips!
This is my first online course. It is very interesting and I love Mr. Landers's lectures. I learnt so many things in this one. Thank you for everyone who organize this course.
Thank you very much for this course! I enjoyed the way of teaching and answering. the most important I learned many valuable things in writing emails,I will use it in my work.
I really learned a lot from this course. I used to think that I was good at writing emails but after taking this course I noticed my shortcomings and now I'm able to fix them.
I am very happy to  say that writing  professional emails in English given me  the best way to write emails and very much thankful to Coursera and instructor Gerry landers sir
It was an excellent course for me, because I had not known some thing that we veiwed on it.The Expositor speaks very well, I´m mexican and I understood very wellThanks so much
Really good course! Some important tips about culture and punctuations are share in this course, and as No native speaking english, its really important to learn all about it!
This course is very much helpful . by doing this course I got clear idea about how to write professional emails . Thank you very much Georgia tech university for this course.
I am very grateful for this course. It has all the things that should be learned when it comes to writing an email. Now, I am confident enough to write emails professionally.
Overall course is very good, Video and quiz are really informative. Only concern is that review process of assignment need to upgrade little bit. It should be from your side.
Thank you so so much. I am more confident to write business email now. I like the clear and helpful phrases what lecturer taught in the class. I hope you guys would love too.
The course is really good. It's improved my email writing as well as my writing skills in english. Thank you Mr.  Landers and coursera to giving me this amazing opportunity.
The very good course helps me a lot to improve professional writing emils. The videos, assignment and reviews impart much knowledge and shaped me to enhance my email skills.
The Course is amazing. specially the coach and content is really good and helpful. I enjoyed doing this course and learned many important tricks to write professional Email.
That was a great opportunity I took advantage of. If you want to know how to write a great and indeed concise email to make your business communication, pick this course up.
I'm really happy joing this course.I have valuable knowledge about email writing.I know the facts we do and don't writing email.Thanks to my instructor and my peer friends.
I didn't even know how to write an email, but now I leaned overall essential parts , culture  and style of communication. Thank you so much, I really appreciate this course
When I started this course, I didn't even know how to write a proper subject line. This course gave me a good idea on how to write a proper email. Thanks to the instructor.
This course was really helpful to me, I didn't know i was making so many errors while writing an email. This course is very well structured and very good content provided.
Best mentor and I learned a lot of things from this course how to write a professional email, communication skills and styles cross Cultural communication thanks courseria
Amazing course, using this course one can know how to be your perfect self on the email.Looking forward to use the tools and tricks learnt through the course in real life.
Professional Writing that too Email writing is an essential  skill needed in today's lifestyle.This course helps and aids us with all the do's and dont's we need to know.
It is really awesome course. I would really like to recommend this course to everyone. You will learn very specific things to make your Email look like more professional.
I personally loved this email. It was really fun to do the assignment and also the review part. They way the conductor was telling us about the topics was worth noticing.
I was enjoyed course thoroughly and learnt new this in writin officiay mails. This has been helmed.a.lot.Thanks for the peers and course coordinatorRegardsSrinivas Vemula
This course was very rewarding, thanks to all who made these possible especially our instructor Mr. Gerry Landers  for his detailed video in Writing ProfessionalEemails.
I'll definitely recommend this course for the people, because I have learnt something new by enrolling in this course. The way of teaching by the professor is very good.
This course is so much helpful for anyone who wants to improve the way he writes.Thaks for Mr.Landers for his way of explaining the information in an easy and funny way.
This course  is very practical and helps a lot, for write professional emails in engilshmy emails will never be the same.Also this course, help me for improve my English
This is the best course that i've seen, i learning so much about the way of write a email even in my maternal language that is Spanich, thanks teacher you are the best.
I'm trying to download my certificate but it tells me some error ( 
Could not find signature for instructor Some(Suzi Lee). Please notify the Instructor to upload one )
Thank you, Gerry!! You helped me a lot with this course, now I can write 100 times better emails. I recommend this course to everyone no matter what field you work in.
I have gathered massive amount of information from this course. I would like to suggest this course if really want to learn write professional emails from this course.
Me encanto el curso q tome, muy didáctico y explicativo. Pude aprender mucho.Thank you to Mr.  Landers from Georgia Tech Institute, I could learn a lot in your class.
I found very useful this course. It is easy to understand and it has additional resources to help you practice and reinforce the material on the videos of the course.
I really like this course, it teaches me to participate with other learners, and it's perfect for developing your work and your writing skills i highly recommended .
I am very happy. You have explained it very nicely. Thousands of students will benefit from learning such a course. It is very easy. Thank you again, Gerry Landers.
I have learnt in this course through Listening and speaking and writing and reading.it was  awesome.when do i have to get certificate.i have completed all the tests
It was a great opportunity to improve my english skills. I can see how better my writing became after this weeks. It was a great pleasure. Thank You, Felipe Rocha.
Excellent course to self development. Such a great course that’s help us for how we write a professional email with actual content, pattern, do and don'ts etc etc.
This course is wonderful for everyone out there! Nowadays email is a great way of communication. This course is very effective in utilizing this media to be honest
To enhance your communication skills over emails you should subscribe to this course. Deep understanding of the formal and type of emails provided in this course.
The instructor was really good. It has helped me a lot in improving my English communication. Thank you Mr. Landers & Thank you Coursera for offering this course.
Awesome tips told by our instructor. It was really an awesome course and time was also feasible. I highly recommend everyone to learn by using coursera platform.
Coursera has contained more attraction, interaction, and Effective knowledge. I really enjoyed the course & also I updated my knowledge through COURSERA. Thanks.
very good! i have learned a lot from this course, the videos in this course is also very good. i like the professor even recorded the videos in different places!
I learned many different ways to improve my overall email communication and
I am really thankful to the course instructor Gerry Landers for his time and efforts.
I had enjoyed and performed my writing skills during this course. I will strongly recommend the course for other colleagues from the DRC. Thanks a lotJohn Paco
I am very fortunate that this platform provides such a wonderful faculty who enlighten people by  from basic. I think level of teaching is of superior quality.
Amazing.  It's really a big help to me how to write a formal and professional email.  I cannot wait to apply in my currently job right now.  Thank you so much!
It was really enriching and fruitful experience. I like the course very much. It has covered all the aspects that one needs to be aware of Professional Emails.
This course is very helpful for me because i have learned so many thing like how to draft professional email and how to express your though in short sentences.
I would like to express my gratitude to Mr.
Gerry Landers for his excellent teaching style, pleasant facial expression with
clear pronunciation in all classes.
I like this course a lot. I learned a lot. If you have a B1/B2 Enligsh level, and you are interesting about to have a better level, I really recommend you it.
This course thought how to communicate clearly in email writing, cultural differences and understanding. The instructor was very Good and easy to understand.
Great course, easy and quick, but really efficient. I Spent less than 2 hours for this course, but learned a lot of practical things and improved my e-mails.
This course really help me to gain my confidence in writing formal email. Before I took this class, I always doubting my appropriateness in my formal email.
This course was very helpful and increased my writing skills to another level. Thank you so much for the Professor and Coursera for introducing this Course.
I enjoyed this course a lot. I would like to recommend this course to my colleagues. This course updated my knowledge about how to write professional email.
Coursera was very excellent course for email communication skills & speaking skills.It would be great pleasure for me to learn & enhance my career & growth.
Pretty good course. I learned a lot about how to write emails more professionally. Invest some time in this course, it will help you to enrich your skills.
I am very glad that I come to know this course, which is extremely helpful to me. Wish all the best for Mr. Gerry Landers and other members of this course.
That course was precisely designed.I really enjoyed from week 1 to week 5.The best thing of that course is to explain the all types of professional emails.
A nice course with an even more amiable course. Though there was not much to learn in terms of the course depth, but was an amazing experience nonetheless.
The course is excellent, I recommend it. The information is good and clear. This course was my guide to elaborate a professional emails. Thank you so much!
i really appreciate from this course. finally, i found this course, and i learn how can write professional email. i hope i could learn another course, too.
It was really helpful, when you are not a native English speaker and you have to deal with email most of your working time. I totally recomend this course.
Excellent opportunity to brush up your basic communication skills also its an perfect course to make one's doubt clear about writing mails professionally.
It is a good course to practice the English language and How we must write a professional email, especially at the people who are learning this new idiom.
Hi, I like this course and it was very useful.  Later I will look at it to see if I need to take other courses and my company allow me to do that. thanks
This course is of great help to me in writing professional emails. I have completed the course on 13 August 2020. Could I get the certificate? Thank you!
Really,It’s a fantastic course for everyone.After completing this course,everyone can enrich their email writing quality and achieve a lot of experience.
This course is well planned and is very helpful in improving my grammar as well as a communication skill.Thank You to the Coursera team and the convenor.
The course is really wonderful way to improve writing skills with technical words, and I glad to thank you to the teacher that I had through the course.
It's really a good course which enables you to write  Professional Emails correctly. The professor Gerry Landers explains each topic in a subtle manner.
It is very good course for me.It told me how to write emails to host country's.To types of email writings are very interesting.Thanks a lot to coursera.
So many things I learnt. The small changes in your email changes the whole vibe. I enjoyed the course a lot. Course content: 4.6/5Instructor review: 5/5
Excellent course, needs only to have increase the number of business related emails and it is types , especially for the cases in which claims are made.
Thank you for this course! I like that it is very short and informative. I got all the basics of writing emails and didn't have to invest a lot of time.
It is a very practical course, with recommendations and techniques that really generate value and contribute to the development of communication skills.
Excellent crush course on writing emails. The course give me some good insights about how to write professional emails and avoid mistakes while writing.
Excellent course, through the course I learned to write professional emails to be able to communicate better with other people from different cultures.
This online course really helped me succeed in writing professional emails and will take with me all the advice that was given to us during the module.
I feel so privileged of being part of this course. I have learnt a lot of new techniques and skills for improving my Email writing. Thanks team Georgia
Thank you Professor Landers, for imparting knowledge which was very necessary for me to excel in my Professional career. Thanks A Lot and All the Best.
The course was just excellent and I've learned many important new things about writing professional english emails. Thanks to Georgia Tech University.
This course really helped me get to know the basics of writing a professional emails. And also how different culture prefers different types of email.
Initially, Im the worst to write emails.But,I'm on the roll! Thanks a million to Coursera Team, and Professor Gerry Landers for enlightening my skills
The course is Worth enough !! Simple and effective. Infact I learned some quality attributes from the team. Thanks for providing me this opportunity !
Thank you very much for such a great chance to improve my skills. I had a wonderful time and gain many useful tips, which I definitely use in my life.
I enjoyed this course. The last week was especially interesting and useful for me. Deeper understanding of cultural differences has been my weak point
This was a very informative and practical course. Also the lecturer is awesome! If you have a desire to write better emails then definitely  sign up!
This is one of the best course.  Very very useful for anyone I enjoyed the course.  Thankyou very much for professor for nice video's an information.
I write many emails everyday at work and I'm glad I took this course.  I learned to avoid some mistakes and write more professional email in English.
It is an excellent course very well prepared, concise and perfectly crafted to progress rapidly in written communications. Congratulations! Good Job!
I really appreciate the oportunity to have been a student on this course. It was great and I have learned a lot! Professor Lander is a great teacher!
Very useful, when you think it's so simple how to write an email and that we all know how to do it, but sometimes we forget to do it professionally.
I would like to thank you for this course. Now, I am taking into consideration every point that I have learned in all emails. I feel the difference.
Best instructor, ever, period. Fun to watch, engaging and very clear. Great examples and exercises. Please  have him teaching more and more courses!
This was my first time using coursera, and I am very glad that I chose this course. Well structured, very clear and interesting.  Highly recommend!
Thank you very much the tearch of this course. Realy he is amazing teacher ever seen . I would like to say thank you again the coursera.Abdirahman,
I learned a lot of the rules for writing professional Emails, which helped me a lot. Thank you so much for the new experience and useful knowledge!
The course content of the course are really good. Trainer has covered all the aspects of email writing with international and culture consideration
If you are looking to begin with coursera, you must begin with this course.The instructor is so friendly and inspiring.Thanks and best wishes,Kedar
I use to write many emails in my professional life and this course will help anyone to improve their communication skills and be more professional.
Worth the time, great lecturer! Loved his teaching.Not exhaustive and extensive. Just an half an hour per day is sufficient to complete the course.
Regardless to the age, gender, professional background or nationality, the course will be useful for anyone who wish to communicate through emails
This ocurset is appropiate for writting correctly professional email in english. It gives you the the tips and increase your abilities in grammar.
I'm glad for being a part of this best course. I learned alot from this course. This course help me to improve my writing skill. Thank you so much
I learned a lot from the  course.  Not just how to write professional emails, also I learned about many factors that are contributing to the same.
This course was excellent. I learned a lot of things regarding writing professional emails and Now I can write emails confidently and effectively.
The course is very useful in writing professional emails. Anyone who wants to improve writing skills or develops career can enroll in this course.
It was an excellent experience for me. I have made lots of notes. Many thanks to Mr. Landers and to all who participated in preparing this course!
This course is very good and simple, I'm asking to everyone who has come and complete this course, and take a benefit from this course in future.
Very useful in my daily functions. This will help me to be more professional in my way to write email. I am very grateful for all I have learned!
what an awesome course of Coursera!. I am really happy to inform you that it is very useful for me in my career in the future . Thank you so much
It was a great time ,learning  to write emails in an efficient way by  Mr. Landers. Easy to understand and I hope that you will enjoy the course.
The way in which Mr. Landers has explained is excellent. This course helped me a lot, and i have gained very good knowledge about writing emails.
Thanks. I appreciate your insight and practical approach to writing emails. It has really enhance the way I draft and prepare professional email.
This is the very interesting course and I love it that moves me the confidence to write a professional email and make my relationship more easy.
This course is perfect. The course really improved my skills in writing professional emails. My English skills also improved. Thanks Mr. Landers
The course is really easy to understand. It combines lessons and assignment perfectly that make me enjoy the course totally. 5 stars is deserved
I like this course, it is brief and valuable. It focuses on important points in writing emails step by step. Thank you for offering this course.
I am very delighted to complete this course. Thankyou Georgeia tech Institute and Mr. Jerry landers who provide wonderful And good explanation.
Thank DR. Gerry Landers, I appreciate your hard work to help us. Your course was very helpful, and it was very important. Regards,Basel Khalifa
It's an effective Course on professional Email writing.  It helps me to write professional email according to Age, and Cultural fact & figures.
From now onwards, I can easily write professional emails to any clients or organisations,Thank you so much for having me here. I appreciate it.
Great course. It is really important to know how to write professional emails in such a competitive world. I will recommend this to my friends.
Dear Sir,      I am grateful for your efforts to make this course understandable for me. I really liked your teaching style. Warm Regards,Fizza
Easy to understand, easy to learn and effective practice session. Mr. Gerry Laners, he is a great tutor. I really appreciate what he is doing.
The course is not overcrowded with information.  Explains well the most important parts in short videos. Thank you very much for all the help.
Good Lecture. Thank You so much for being able to help me to correct on how to write a professional email. Hope this will learn in the future.
A wonderful experience learning to write professional emails. The small tips and tricks to get through writing a professional email is amazing
It's a very good course, I recommend everyone who wants to improve writing and learning, how to write emails in professional style. Good luck!
An awesome experience to be a part of this course as i learnt professional emails, pros and cons which i didn't knew hitherto. Thank you team!
I didn't knew that learning about English writing would be so interesting. This course is very interesting and useful to learn email writing.
The course is very good. I learned many things. I am sure that will server me in my proffesional life. Thanks for to accept me in the course
Though the course seems to be very easy but the finer details for writing a professional emails has been marvellously taught by Mr. Landers.
The course open our eyes to importance of knewledge about others cultures, and how you will can to make contact with best form.Alain Pereira
This course is simplified to make it easy for Non-English speakers. A very good guide to learn how to write a professional email. Thank You.
Very well explained. Examples are shown in every case. The course is well structured and the assignments help with clearing up the concepts.
Course is excellent. As the course is short  we can complete it with enthusiasm and finally i had learned how to write professional emails.
Hello somebody, I like so much this course, I learned a lot about the basics things which you need to know to create a professional email.
The author has tried to cover every aspects of writing a email. It surely brings discipline and good shape to my email composition skills.
I am so happy and glad after completing this course. Now I am confident to write emails in a professional way. Thank  you for this course.
It was a good experience. I like to recommend this course to each and everyone who are seeking knowledge about professional email writing.
Awesome lesson in writing professional email. There were lots to learn about request/apology emails and culture of the reader/communicator
Thanks alot ... nice and clear learning style ... i love it ... thanks for the informations and for this informations i learned with you .
In the course of this course I learned many positive things like peer interaction and likewise many tips to make a good professional email
The course was well-organized and structured. I really enjoyed every second of teaching. It will definitely help you to learn new skills.
I have understood writing professional Emails in English and learnt a lot which I haven't before. This is the best experience. Thank you.
Great course....This course given e a post of knowledge about how to wrote professional email.....So that why i loved itThank you so much
Very good impressions.Instructor Mr.Landers gave us really good knowledge. Very appreciate. The course is very good organized! Well done!
this is very useful cause . I learned lots of new this from this cause . Thanks for the coursera teachers for these valuable oppertunity
I LOVED THIS COURSE, CAUSE IT, MADE ME FULL CONFIDENCE WHEN I'M WRITING EMAILS. THANK YOU. I APPRECIATE YOUR DEDICTYION TIME AND EFFORT.
Really,  This course make change in my business write style , Now I feel confident  to write a professionalemail without mistakes.Thanks
It was really great. I learnt to write professional emails easily and it was really helpful. Thank you Coursera for all amazing courses.
Such a great instructor. he gave me many thoughts and format that will be helpful for my future regarding to my email base work platform
I liked the course overall, It was really useful to me, and improved writing professional emails.Many thanks for the instructor.Regards,
Thanks Coursera❤ Thanks Mr.Gerry you are great. It was a useful and interesting course, I advise everyone to study it. Good luck for all
dear sir, I would like to thank you for learn me how I Write Professional Emails in English, you help me to improve my language regards,
Really amazingly informative course, It helped me to hone the skill of writing professional email in English, highly recommended course.
This course is very structured very clearly and the most important information are formulated very briefly and essentially. Many thanks!
Mr. Gerry Landers has good abilities to be a nice instructor. Thanks to Georgia Tech. for providing such courses with good instructors.
I am very glad to have such a course which improved me a lot.I hope learn some more courses from this which help me make my career good
You are Great sir...Your video lectures give us good guidance for go ahead and motivate to complete the course.. Thank you once again..
I would like recommending this course for everyone who wants to improve on their written communication, especially email communication.
I enjoyed much learning this course. Really it was very helpful to me and I hope, I can use my achievement in my real life. Thank you
I have improvement my mail communication after complete this course. i am very happy about this course.It is not helpful for everyone
A Good Instructor Is Like a Candle that Consumes Itself While Lighting the Way for Others and Gerry landers Sir, you are one of them.
This is useful and could provide you with technical skills and promote your level to be professional in communication through Emails.
Excellent course to learn basic aspects on how to write professional emails.Very useful for those who need to do so everyday at work.
This is a good course. I learned a lot about professional emails, vocabulary, and other things that I need for my professional life.
Excellent content. Clear, helpful, with many important tips and rules for writing professional emails in English. Congratulations!!!
Very good course. I have learnt many things about email. Really I prefer you to take this course. I enjoyed a lot while learning....
This course has really helped me improve my email communication. I enjoyed learning so many interesting things. Thank you very much!
This introductory course was helpful in helping me to learn how to write emails in a professional setting. Tips were very practical.
Very usefull course that nowadays everyone needs to know how to properly communicate via Email. Great organization by Georgia Tech.
Jerry sir was so energetic. I liked the way of taking the class. It was very much feasible for me. Thank you dear Sir and coursera
Content and practice session are very helpful to grasp the particular point in the lessons. Well planned lessons for the students.
Thanks to Coursera to help me to improve my skill in professional email in my quarantine. I am really greatfull to the instructor.
This course is very useful to me. I got many wonderful information about writing emails. I appreciate Mr Landers’time and efforts.
I liked this module.  Lessons were clear and relevant.thank you  so much Professor Gerry Landers and Coursrea for this oportunity.
Everyone should take this course,it's very helpful for almost everyone with no regard for their job,age or what they are studying
If you want to learn about how to write professionally, this course is a great way to start. Thank you and I appreciate the tips.
it is a well-organized course and I learn many basic rules and principles of Email writing.thank you, Coursera and Gerry Landers.
Nice, clear and concise talk and way to learn with creative method to sum up every single lecture. Thanks for very useful course.
Now, I am confident in professional email writing. i would like to suggest one thing that you should provide notes in pdf , also.
This course made my emails more professional than before. I had a very good experience. Instructor make this course much easier.
I would be much grateful to beloved lecturer Mr. Gerry and all the supporting staff, for their endeavours, to make it a success.
A really easy and informative course on writing professional emails. The assignments helped a lot as did the in video questions.
I am using email adress since 10 years, but I don't know how to write a email professionally. By this course, I come to know it.
the course was really good but I am not able to download the certificateIt says that instructor Suzi Lee's signature is missing.
everything is excellent but i have a issue on checking, sometimes students who check the answers of question is not good enough.
It has been a very impactful lectures of learning how to communicate with different culture (High / Low Context)  I appreciate.
Excellent Resource to learn and earn a certificate. Thanks, Georgia Institute of Technology for offering this wonderful course.
I am very glad to improve my writing skills through Coursera this is very professional and likely to study    thanks in advance
I really like this course !! It's easy to understand and really help me doing better in writing professional emails in English.
The course is very clear and well organized. I can recommend it to anybody who wants to know how to use the language correctly.
This course is very essential especially for business practices. It was perfectly delivered with all the clarity. Thanks Prof.
The course is excellent, it helped me improve my writing as well as take into account details according to different cultures.
I am glad I chose this course and was able to compete it. I learned a lot especially in writing professional emails. KUDOS! :)
This course is very effective. I recommend everyone to go with this course. It helps to build your professional writing skills
Thank you to giving me this opportunity to near the wonderful knowledge to communicate professional and clearly to the people.
I think people who work in office should take this course. You can write glomorous emails and look good. I strongly recommend.
Very good course if you're a beginner. Covers tips for grammar, spelling, email structure, text length by cultural area, etc.
Well, I did not know how to write a professional Email. This course, for the first time, helps me a lot. Now, I am confident.
It is the best way to teach through online platform. Understanding is quite simpler in that way. I had learned a lot by this.
This is fantastic course about how should write professional business email. Great teacher and great presentation. Thank you.
A good course for beginners, many details are illustrated.  The course's structure and content are clear and well delivered.
Personally, I recommend this course to all people. Short videos, clear and brief examples, Easily understandable for anyone.
The curriculum was very helpful to me. I would like to thank the instructors and Coursera organization. Thank You very much.
The course is awesome. Full of new learning experience by one of the best professor of one of the best university in world.
It's a nice course for everyone. All the lessons were clear and understandable. Thanks to the instructor Mr. Jerry Landers.
This course helped me in improving my professional email writing skills, and I am looking forward to learning more courses.
I love this course. The way the professors are teaching us is so great that I am not able to express it. Love you Coursera.
It really helped me to improve my skills about how to write a professional email! Even in Portuguese, some rules can match!
The course is very helpful to me in improving my email communication professionally. Thank you coursera and Gerry Landers.
I really like the way that he teach, is very simple and easy to understand. And very simplified steps  for Writing Emails.
The great thing about Coursera is the flexibility. You can learn anywhere, which is better than a rigid campus curriculum.
Gained Knowledge about how to write Professional Email In English. I further see to take more knowledge from Georgia Tech.
It's a great course to learn how to write professional emails, especially if you are fresh graduate or in entry level job.
it made me more confident not only in writing emails, but also in writing any kind of text, even text messages or essays!
This curse is excellent I learnt everything that i did not know, now I know how to write email with the specifics points.
I am glad that I choose this course because, I learned a lot of interesting things about email writting from this course.
Dear Professor,I would like to thank to you and instructor. Fortunately,I'm satisfied with this course.Best regards,Hmwe
Just fantastic course, I really appreciate teacher Gerry and its effort to share his knowledge about this topic. Thanks!
Really had a great experience in learning this course. Thanks to Prof. Gerry Lander and Georgia Institute of Technology.
Excellent course. I improved a lot the way I write my emails. I was surprised how many mistakes I did before. Thank you.
It was a very effective and efficient learning experience. Will always remember an practice what I learnt. Thanks Gerry.
I learned a lot, I appreciate all the content put in the course. Very useful information, brief and clear for everybody.
A very good section. I'd love to share it to anyone that want to improve your English writing, especially in Email area.
The course is professional to convert you from the basic low level to a professional level in writing emails in English.
The course was a great learning experience in exploring ways to communicate professionally with anyone around the globe.
This course is very instructive and useful. If one follows it carefully, it leaves a pleasant feeling of accomplishment.
It was a great course to become a professional email writer and interpreter.Loved Mr Jerry Landers communication skills
helped to understand to grammar required in email writing. Thank you for your hard work in making this coursera course.
It will help anyone looking to improve their writing skills for emails and would suggest others to take up this course.
I simply got out of this course with more than I expected when I enrolled.Special thanks to the instructor Mr. Landers.
I would like thank each and everyone starting from our professor Jerry to my colleagues who helped me to improve myself
I would like to thanks Mr. Jerry for teaching me such a good lessons. I would like to continue with other courses also.
It really helped me a lot when it comes to writing emails in the workplace.  Thank you very much and excellent course.
It was a good course for me.I got lot of information from this course.Thank you Sir & Georgia Institute of Technology.
If you want to learn how to write a professional email so this curse is an element. I am happy that I am a part of it.
You are Amazing teacher, simple and straightforward. I want to to apply for more English classes with this University.
I really enjoyed this course .. You are a very good teacher and your style is wonderful and simple thank you very much
Excellent way of dealing with students. Although I have completed just 2 weeks,  I find this course very interesting..
Excellent course to know from basic to advanced about how  to write an E-mail.I am very much thankfull to instructor.
Excellent teacher and course.  I recommend this Course for everyone , help you to improve your English Communication.
I recommend this course because you can improve your skilss in English language and how to write professional Emails.
I enjoy this course. This course is so much helpful for writing an email professionaly and improved in email writing.
Very practical information  is given about writing emails for different aims and situations. Thanks to Gerry Landers!
It really helped me a lot. Now I have the confidence to write an email to anyone because now I know the fundamentals.
It is a valuable course. I got benifited from it in my email communication. My emails to others are now proffesional.
This course is very helpful in my work! I have been more mindful on the way I make and respond to emails. Thank you!
Thank you Coursera for introducing course like this. We are thankful to COURSERA to help us to meet our expectation.
Very good course. Good content and assignments. Peer grading system is great as we get insights of other peers also.
I will still give 5 stars in this course. This course helps me a lot It's just some of the works were reviewed late.
This course help me to improve my writing skills in English. I learned how write more effective professional emails.
Thank you for making me gain a new skill. I can write better emails now. It will always be important for the career.
Thank you Mr. Gerry Landers. This was definitely a great experience. I hope this experiences will help me in future.
The course has an amazing instructor that teaches you with easy real life examples. I will enrol to the next course.
The course offers thorough and comprehensive modules. I learned so much and it was a fun and worthwhile experience.
It has been an outstanding journey and special thanks to the course instructor Mr.Landers for making it a cakewalk.
Actually I learn many new things about professional mail, really good way of teaching and really interesting course
It's an amazing course I learned a lot from itSo many thanks to the teacher and to Georgia Institute of Technology.
I think it is a really great course, I am learning many things that I would use for my job. Congrats and greetings.
Dear Mister Professor, Thanks a lot for all these tips, it was apleasure to attend your course.Please do new MOOC !
This was my first course to any online platform. Thank you coursera for boosting my confidence.🤗Kudos to coursera
I felt very happy with your teaching, I hope to you a beautiful life.Perfect teacher.Your friendly student, Fedaa.
it has been helping me for upgrade my english language and learn me to be a good one when write professional email
Very beautifully designed course. I can say this has made me professional in some ways. Cheers to future learning!
I am very happy to learn this course from the great teacher Gerry Landers , I have learn a lot .So thank you all .
It was an awesome course, which gave an insight into how to write an email professionally in the English Language.
Short and in-depth course getting straight to the point and reviewing topics in each video. This was very helpful.
Good, and explicit, and well organised course. The only drawback is, it's not free......Sorry, too poor to pay....
This course is very helpful and I gladly recommend it to anyone that would want to improve his/her Email writing.
It is the best course and helpful to every one..i learned so much in this course..subject body closing everything
This is good MOOC to people who are intermediate,they can advance their email writing skill to the next level....
Very helpful course. They teach very important things that help us to express ourselves in a better way by email.
This course is really good and very useful.The way he teaches us is very fantastic.Thank you sir thanks Coursera.
Dear Sir,It was good learning for me. Thank You very for sharing Knowledge.RegardsT.Sivaramakrishna,+918801203306
I really enjoyed taking this course. Thank you very much for creating and offering it on Coursera. All the best!
I am  Chandani bano from India and I am happy to learn with Coursera its make for me flexible and easy to learn.
It was pretty insightful and informative. All the aspects of professional email writing are focused upon deftly.
A wonderful course. I appreciate the course contents and the assessment system. This course has helped me a lot.
I found this course very useful to me. I took note, and I will review it more and more. Thank you, Mr.  Landers.
This is the best option to spend more time to study, where i can also find the gaiety of my life during vacation
It was very easy to understand as a beginner writer. The professor gave many useful tips through out the course.
This course was awesome! I could learn many things new. It gave me an idea how to make an email professionally.
This course was really easy and well understood i've learned alot from it. That will help me in my future life.
It is an amazing course. This course actually helped me to develop my email writing skill in a professional way
Course instructor was very nice and his language was easy to understand.  This course was prominent.  Thank you
Thanks a lot it was very useful and I learned so many things like how to write a professional email in English.
Thanks to Coursera and special thanks to Gerry  Landers for providing such a wonderful opportunity of learning
This is an exceptional course and Mr. Gerry is a great Teacher. Thank you for giving me a wonderful knowledge.
Thank you so much, Sir!It’s indeed a
wonderful Experience.The LMS resources are
very effective and beneficial.
GOOD job but....
Could not find signature for instructor Suzi Lee. Please notify the Instructor to upload one.
The course is well structured. The content covers the most important points. The texts are easy to understand.
This is a good course for writing professional emails. Thank you for all teachers teached me during that time.
This course helps to write professional emails and also assessment in the end of every module.Thanks coursera.
It is very good and useful course . I can improve how to write the letter professionally . Thank you very much
Very good course, clear and pleasant. I now feel way more comfortable to write emails in English. Many thanks.
That cource is awesome, I get a professional personality from there. I highly recommended that course to you.
It was a helpful course. I hope this course would help me to get a better job. The course teacher is awesome.
I love the course.It was well planned and organised. Important points were included.  Helpfull for beginners.
This course is very fine about professional emails  writing in English and gives knowledge about mail culture
This was a very interesting course with rich content, serious assignments and high level collective learning.
This course was extremely helpful and I would like to thank Mr.Gerry Landers for this wonderful experience :)
It's a great course to develop your email writing skills. I am very glad that I have enrolled in this course.
Very nice, interesting and helpful course. I would like to recommend this course to zealous English learners.
The course was very usefull and the instructor was Excellent, I hope to take more courses with you Mr.Landers
I learnt everything  that I need to know while writing a professional email.very helpful course. Thank you .
It was a wonderful experience. Thanks a lot. I  will apply everything, I have learned here to my next email.
Excellent course, very useful. I enjoyed it. The teacher explained very well. Thank you for this opportunity
Indeed a very good course.Instructor is capable of teaching efficientl. Thanks coursera for this opportunit.
Excellent course on how to write e-mail professionally, thanks to Georgia Tech. You were excellent.
thanks.
This is an very good course for professional email writers . I learn many things that are invaluable to me.
Enjoyed a lot in this course. Learned many important aspects of professional email writing. Thanks Coursera
Excellent!! Great Job!!I have learned a lot. I really enjoyed this course.Thank you very much for Coursera.
The course was fun and so many things to learn in an easy way. Really glad that I took this course. Thanks.
Iam Somali refugee In Indonesia for 5 I don't have reselmant please help me  my case number is 934-16c00011
Great course. Especially for non-native speakers coming from high-contextual communication style countries.
It was a great experience, I could learn more about writing emails in english. Definitely, I recommend it.
This course is a good chance for improving our professionalism in different areas of our lives. Thank you.
Being part of Coursera and Georgia Tech is a great educational milestone in my life. I appreciate you all.
This course is very good, I learn english a lot of  and this will be productive in my professional career.
I find this is best course for me . Here I learned How to write Powerful and Impressive Emails. Thank You.
Very well structured, interested and valuabled. I will try to find more language courses from Georgia Tech
Thank you for making the course brief but very useful. It contains all the necessary information and tips!
I love this course! It's easy to understand, and everything that is taught in the course is professional.
This course teach the small but important things about the email writing. This is very beneficial for me.
This course was very fantastic. I have learned lots of new things in this course. Thank u for helping me.
I  appreciate Mr.Gerry Landers and Georgia Tech Languages Institute for such a fantastic course Thank you
This course is very helpful to improve email writing skill and you can use this skill in your daily work.
Very interesting course.i will get the full knowledge about how to write emails in english professionally
This was a quick and easy course. It was straight-to-the-point. Very helpful course to improve my skills!
The only downside here is that it would really take time for you to finish the course due to peer review.
Learnt a lot of things from this course. From smallest to the largest parts of writing emails. Thank You
Our instructor is awesome. He has a very positive outlook and he always ends the lecture with a smile :)
This is a very practical course but very useful indeed. I loved to learn and practice during the course.
Gerry Landers made it so easy for me and I loved my lectures!!!! Looking forward to more.Thank you Team!
Thanks for such a wonderful explanation, voice clarity was good, I have enhanced my professional skills.
This course gave me the most important tips to write  professional e-mails, even in my native language.
Thank you very much for the lecture, it's been great being lectured by one of professor in georgia tech
Really great course. The content is simple and very useful. I really enjoyed my time during the course.
It was a  very informative and interesting course. I learnt a lot. I would like to thank my instructor.
This course improved my professional writing skills. The course design is very adaptive and structured.
I like the course. It helped me a lot in structuring my knowledge about emails' business communication.
This course improved my skills on writing professional Emails. I wish a very good luck to this course.
It's a good way to improve our English writing skills. And to have a better presentation of ourselves.
It helps me a lot not just my career level but my personal growth and enhancement. Thank you Coursera!
This course helps us to build an effective communication which is quite inevitable for current trends.
Good satisfactory course through submitting assignments and videos with questions in between very nice
A great course packed with the essential and practical skills needed in creating a professional email.
That is a great course, I learned many things here.Thanks, Coursera & Georgia Institute of Technology
This course helped me a lot to improve my knowledge of communication thanks for giving me opportunity
The course is very helpful to me, Easy  to understand. Thanks For Giving Me the opportunity to learn!
It is so useful and important course for every person who wants to have communicated on the internet.
Fast and efficient course. I really enjoyed it and have found a lot of useful recommendations for me.
Excellent course for beginners who enter into professional field where email communications are must.
Thank you very much for offered me this course. The course was really helpful and ease to understand.
Course is easy to understand especially to those who are non native speakers of the Engllish language
This was a very informative and educational course and I will use what I learnt from here in my life.
I really love this course which gives a lot of useful information about writing a professional email.
I really enjoyed being a part of this course. It filled the voids, I had in my communication skills.
Very helpful course. It will definitely help people to write email more comfortably and effectively.
Easy to follow with clear instructions! Like the course very much! Thank you lecturer Gerry Landers!
This is a amazing course I have learned till, now I am able to write any type of proffesional email.
This course is so valuable, which allows the learners to escalate their knowledge to the next level.
Great effort Sir, I learnt many new things. Especially how to communicate professionally.Thank You !
Great information for email writers. I will definitely recommend it to all my coworkers and friends.
It was good learning to write an email in a more professional manner.The teaching methods was good.
Excellent tips.  Teacher was very knowledgeable and easy to understand.  I really love this course.
its an amazing teacher please take it .. all the minutes you will give to this course will worth it
I enjoyed this course and learned a lot of new things when it comes to writing professional emails!
Very interesting course, I really improved my writing email and my communication style, many thank.
I really enjoyed this course, especially when having a professional professor and amazing students.
Great course! I thought I was writing email correctly. This course helped me incorporate new tools.
I really enjoyed doing peer review, reading how other people wrote emails in English. Great course!
Thanks for this wonderful opportunity. of learning more about English communication God bless you.
Very clear teaching & instructions, the projects & peer review make me understand more. Thank you!
Great course for the once who are entering the corporate world. Very well explained and presented!
Thank you for giving me this opportunity. It is a Very important Course for working professionals.
It's really great course. I've learnt how to write and things to consider before sending an email.
This course was very useful. I learned a lot of information throughout it.Thanks so much Coursera.
Its a good platform to learn English.To improve ourself and become professional in writing emails.
The best advice I received through this course is I learned about how to write professional email.
Very useful for me to write the formal Email in the work. There are a lot of new knowledge for me.
The course has specific, brief and well-explained examples. It is very easy to understand as well.
I am glad that, I chose this course now it's more easy for me to good and effective mails. Thanks
Thank you so much to Coursera for giving such an opportunity for learning. Very nice explanation.
Great sir....Your teaching is great. I got clear idea about writing e-mails. Thank You very much.
This is a very comprehensive course. Well done, thank you to the effort in creating this course.
It was very nice experience. I added a new skill in my english communication. Thank you coursera
This course is more than enough to learn how to write an effective professional email in English
It's really very informative and educative. The course contents were very attractive. Thank you.
The professor gave excellent tips to write professionals emails, and have a really good attitude
Thank you allEverything in this course was perfect and I did learn new tips.I appreciate you all
He is a perfect teacher and has a lot of experience.I am really glad to pass this course.Thanks!
First time in my life i learned that how we can write an email. Thanks coursera and instructors.
His teaching is awesome , easy to understand. Thank you for such a nice teacher for this course.
Thank you for this amazing course unit.It is very good and I am highly recommended this course.
I am greatly helped for my job application in writing professional emails. Thank you very much!
Excellent course. I have learned lots of techniques which will helpful in my professional life.
This course has taught me how to write emails and what are the different cultures include in it
The course is very informative and a must have for all who write emails as a part of their job.
I loved this course I'm so happy that I became able to write professional email in English now.
This course is very helpful for us. Thanks a lot for giving me a chance to increase my skills.
This course is super fun. The instructor has made the learning process simple and interesting.
This course is amazing.  I have learned a great deal about how to write emails professionally.
It's a simple and easy course to use words and explanation of lessons and I thank you for that
I would like to thank you for helping me
and making me confident enough to take the next step.
Great course! Short videos, great classes. Prof. Landers teaches in a light and efficient way.
This is a very good course, I liked it so much, method of teaching and material are excellent.
This is a very useful course. I learned how to write an email in professional and polite way.
great, I have learned to write emails and communicate through them of a way more professional
Thank you so much for your help.I want to thank especially Mr.Gerry for his time and efforts.
This course helped me to understand the structure of an email, I learned a lot. Best regards,
A very simple beginner email that should take this course only if you are very bad in English
Great course to learn to write Professional mails for freshers and even for experienced ones.
Well planned out course. Really helped me in writing emails in a polite and professional way.
I really enjoyed this course and the professor is very good. This course is very professional
This course is easy, and beginner friendly. I really enjoyed this course. Thank you so much!
This course is so detailed and informative. I have learned so much from the do's and don'ts.
It was worth spending every second in this course, as it thought something new every second.
I have learned many things about how to write Professional Emails. I am very thankful to you
This course is really great and it has boosted my confidence when it comes to writing email.
It is very nice course. I learn a lot of things from this course.Thank you for  this course.
It's very helpful and improving business communication and other emails. Thanks for Coursera
Thanks to the instructor for making this course learner friendly. It was a wonderful course.
In this course I am learning email writing and very nice give knowledge about email writing.
Excellent, very useful and easy to learn and apply examples. congratulations to the teacher!
This Course is very good.and lots of points clear For Example Subject Line Introduction Etc.
Really useful course! I will totally recomend it for everyone who is thinking in taking it.
Great course! With very clear explanations from the teacher and very well prepared content.
Really helpful, the instructor is also qualified enough. The full course is organized well.
A really useful course if you are looking to level up your professional skillset portfolio.
The course is very helpful and well organized. Thank you for the this learning opportunity.
Thanks for great experience and professional course knowledge flow through this experience.
Thank you , this course is more important to me to improve my Skills and my English writing
This course is very nice course . This is helpful to improve your  professional email skill
This course is good and really helpful to write emails professionally . Thanks to courseera
The course material is well organized, and the teaching method of the Instructor is superb.
This course makes me able now to write emails more efficiently and in a very effective way.
Awesome program, I enjoyed and learned so much. Thanks for allowing me to take this course.
I learnt a lot about professional emails.  This  course is really useful for me.  Thankyou
This is very good course to learn how to write professional emails and communicate others.
This is a really good course. I learn a lot from this  course, I recommend you to take it.
I learnt so many things about how to write an professional email in English.Thank you all.
It was really helpful. I learnt many new points about writing effective  mails.THANK YOU!!
great examples and practice to know how to write professional emails ! It is very usefull!
Very professional instructor. I learned many new steps about writing a professional email.
Great course! Simple, but useful Mr. Landers presented the lecture in an interesting way.
I have learned more about professional emailing and it is very useful for day to day life
After completing this course i felt like mail writing is very simple.Thank you professor.
I learned so much interesting stuff from this course. The professor is amazing and funny.
This course was my first course in Coursera. The tasks and the teaching method is unique.
It is really very good course. I learnt a lot of thing related to email. Thanks coursera.
Something that I was looking for... Covers all the aspects in details.Thank you Coursera.
This is a very useful course. Looks simple but gives lots of useful tips and information.
Was a good course, I can understood to the teacher, easy, clear, I like the methodology.
This course its very helpful to people like me, where English is not my native language.
Very well organised course. It helped me to understand the main theme of email writting.
It's very useful and i learned so much.Thanks Mr gerry and georgia tech for this efforts
One of the best courses available in Coursera to hone your written communication skills.
The course was an eye opener for me, it will really be helpful. Thanks to my instructor.
Excellent course and the instructor is very kind and did explained the points very well.
It's fun and useful. Highly recommend for anyone who want to improve your writing skill.
This course has helped me a lot to improve my confidence in writing professional emails.
Very good! I really like the contents and the style of this course! Highly recommended!!
I loved doing this course, I learned many important things that I can apply in my work.
Very helpful if you already have some basic knowledge and you want to improve even more
I learn a lot through this and i am glad that i came here such a wonderfull experience.
I was Learning Email formatting, Professional Email and this course was very useful us.
A good way to learn how to write a professional e-mail and communicate with other peers
The course was very enjoyable. The peer graded assignments were very enjoyable as well.
This course is very beneficial for those person who learn to write email. Thanks Gerry.
This course is really good to improve your communication skills, especially in writing.
This course will help to give importance to small things that happen in our daily life.
I really appreciate the whole content of the course and especially how it is organized.
Great course, which informs you about all minute details of professional email wiritng.
Brief and clear email writing guideline for a great improvement for a new business guy.
An excellent course, it was good to learn about professional email writing techniques.
The course is amazing, and I have learned how to write a professional email.Thank you.
This is a very basic level of course which gives the good knowledge of writing emails.
It was a great experience. Course was very helpful for me to excel in this. Thank you!
This course is great its helps me very well to how write a professional emailThank you
Thanks!!!! This really helped me learning how to write professional Emails in english.
Very well structured. Easy to understand. Covers all aspects of a professional e-mail.
This course is a powerfull tool to improve my communication skills. Thank you so much!
Thanks a lot. Through this course, I have learnt a lot of principle of writing emails.
Thanks a lot for the teacher and for this amazing platform, It was a  perfect course.
I learned a lot from this course. I hope This will help me to pursue my future goals.
Thanks to you Professor Gerry Landers for a wonderful teaching. Loved your smile too.
It is an excellent course that teaches you the basics of writing professional emails.
It is very good course I recommended it for every one. I want to thank the professor.
Excellent course. I totally recommend it. Easy to digest lessons and awesome teacher.
Obtained a good knowledge about professional letter writing.. thanks for every one..
Thank you Mr. Landers for the insight about writing a professional email in English.
This course was very benefit to learn English professional email.I'm grateful .Samah
I like it. A very practical course to learn some tips to write more profressionally.
Great course, you will start writing really professional emails after following this
Good course, everyone should learn to improve communication style in  writing email.
A good course that covers huge aspects of professional emailing. Highly recommended!
Big opportunity to learn to write Professional emails about.Simply and clear course.
Hello,  I liked this course. It is very important if you want to write job's email..
very good ,This is my first coursera couse. I think I can get through all the class.
very much glad to complete this course .Really helpful to writing professional mail
I am very happy to receive the certificate. A highly recommended course. Thank you.
Sir,it was great experience to learn new method and techniques for write an e-mail.
Special thanks to Coursera and Professor Gerry Landers for this informative course.
A great course will definitely tell others about it since it was very useful to me.
it is very important for all the person to write professional email.thanks coursera
Its very useful to me to know about professional email writing .Thank you Coursers.
It was very useful and I will use  the tips in this course for the rest of my life!
Even as a natural born  English speaker I found this course helpful and educational
Thank you Coursera and thank you Goergia Tech for organization such useful courses.
A course with easy lectures and not too long. Helped a lot .. Thanks to authority.
It's an amazing course. I am glad that I got to know about this beneficial course.
Teachers are very expressive and passes their words so accurately and wonderfully.
Dear Sir, I have a problem in downloading my certificate.Please overcome my error.
The course was really very good and will help me to improve my mail writing skill.
I'm liking this course so much! Is very good for improve our communication skills!
Precise, to the point course to brush up your business email communication skills.
very good course indeed....definitely would recommend it for anyone of my friends.
Amazing course with keeping the learner focused and determined ! Thank you team !
It is really great course.I enjoyed every bit and learned a lot. Thanks coursera.
A very useful course if you want to learn how to write email more professionally.
I really learned a lot in this course.This course is mainly perfect for bigneers.
I absolutely recommend this course to whomever wants to get good at email writing
It was awesome working with you sir. Really nice and informative course.Thank you
I enjoyed the course and also learnt how to write professional emails in English.
This course is very useful and effective. It help me do my work more efficiently.
I can't get my certificate, the first time I'm facing this issue, please guide me
You are a great teacher.   I liked the way you conduct this course.  Many thanks.
This is very good course,and from this course I improved my communication skills.
Thanks so much for give me an opportunity for complete this awesome courseCheers!
It's' very helpful for the people who are starting their professional job career.
Learned a skill that i will be using a lot in my academic and professional lives
Thank you so much for share this skills and thank you so much for helping people
Write Professional Emails in English. Georgia Institute of Technology y Coursera
A great course! The course will be great for learning emails like professionals.
I liked the course very much . I liked the way of teaching and many more things.
The course was useful and add to my experience more with thank to the instructor
It is a wonderful learning course that we can apply on work. Thank you Coursera.
It is very helpful course.But knowledge of English is required pre-intermediate.
Very helpful for some of the little things that people need to pay attention to.
excellent course you can opt for this course if you want to learn email writing.
`Awesome  course % and well designt, hope every one enjoy & earn certificate ..!
Thank you, teacher,  for all extra efforts you make to help us growBest regards
It was amazing course, I really Got an offer to better company. thanks coursera
It was a really complete course. The professor's explanations were quite clear.
It was a grear course, the material was very good and the teacher is excellent.
This course make me know about how to write email like professional. Thank You.
it was a nice session and i learned a lot about how to write professional mails
This course is a beneficial one from which you can learn many important things.
PROFESSIONAL COURSE FOR EMPLOYEES AND STUDENTS WHO ARE NEW TO WORK AND EMPLOYER
Outstanding and magneficent delivary. I am really happy to complete the course.
*I have a request for you sir.*To keep more quizzes for to attract the students
This course is really helpful. I have learned many things from this. Thank You!
I learnt how to write email like professional email. Coursera Help us too much.
Easy to understand tips and facts , very support to work filed, thanks so much.
Thank you, It is direct an really helpfull. I recomend this course to everyone.
I learned much benefit information about writing professional email. Thank you.
I appreciate to my teacher, is really gives us fruitful topic of communication.
Thank you for sharing your knowledge on how to write professional email in Engl
Professor is clear. He taught us specific ideas to be precise and professional.
I recommend it to everyone who wants to improve their communication in English
it's a very good course. this course helping me to write a professional email.
This course is very useful and it makes you improve your communication skills.
it was very good course because it taught me about the basics of email writing
The course is great, I can improve my writing skill by completing this course.
very good course to understand the basics of how to write professional emails.
excellent to help the people for the  improvement of professional mail writing
Nice experience .... Very important for whose who don't know how to send email
Its really perfectly designed course for the beginners mainly.. God bless you!
I really love to learn this course and learned a lot about emailing. Thank you
This course is good and engaging the prof. Gerry is a good teacher rather best
Learn't lot's of new things. Thank you for giving me some excellent  lectures.
Easy to learn and understand. I do recommend it to everyone. Simply thank you!
It's perfect,this course it's very good with a very competent teacher, Thanks.
I would like to thank you for these great effortsI really enjoyed this course.
Clear, complete and concise! Great course for those who write a lot of emails!
This course provide ample of information about the Email writing in English .
This course gives me more knowledge and apply for writing professional email.
It was a very good course and it pushed my ability further in writing emails.
Nice Course, really helpful to understand the way how to write business email
Extremely useful course which helps you to write professional emails properly
Thank you very much for providing us professional courses in lockdown crisis.
After learning this course I was able to write emails in professional manner.
I have clearly learned how to write professional emails  through this course.
Excellent skill gained during the Learning of the course thank you Mr Landers
It's nice and great-full course ,I advice every English learner to attend it.
Its a good learning course to  improve the Professional email writing skills.
Simple and valuable.Sincere thanks Mr. Lander for your great effort and time.
Helped a lot in being professional while writing. The professor was amazing.
Super helpful and straightforward. Full of practical tips, I learned a lot!!
This is a very helpful course. The explanation is very simple and important.
This course is useful to develop our communication skills and email editing.
Such a wonderful course, which changed my writing email more professionally.
I Akkanym Duisova is very grateful for your interesting and competent course
I gain a new one. Really this course is very interesting and very enjoyable.
Very nicely taught the basics and ideas behind writing a professional Email.
its course are very usefull for me i learned how to write professinal letter
A great experience with you Sir, there was a lot to learn. Bundle of Thanks.
This course is a great way to enhance your professional email writing skill.
An awesome and memorable learning experience!! Thank you for having me here.
Thanks for teaching this great course.I learn something better than nothing.
Very useful course | Covers all components for Email writing professionally.
I really enjoyed the course, the professor teaches every topic very nicely.
Course is designed keeping in view of multicultural students an awsome job.
Excellent course. Provides useful knowledge for writing professional emails
I could learn not only email but also culture, listening skills, and so on.
I even didn't know how to write a professional email. thanks to Mr. Landers
A wonderful course, helped me understand the nuances of email communication
Nice course. This course is very useful for my job. Thank you so muchhhhhhh
easy to understand.very transparent learning.simple and impactful in career
I am enjoying this course so much. It has been helping me a lot. Thank you.
It was great experience, Now i feel confident about mail writing. Thank you
It's a very nice course and make email writing very clear and easy. Thanks!
Excellent and helpful specially the instructor's mind blowing smiling face.
A very useful course!Now, I know the basic rules of writing a normal email.
Lot's of useful information I extremely recommend this course to everyone.
An excellent option to improve professional English writing focus on email
Very Effective method of teaching.Got to learn new and interesting things.
Love this course. Best teacher with best explanation, must opt this course
Greate course, simple short and sweet. This course couldn't be any better!
This course will teach your the etiquette of writing professional e-mails.
The course provided some helpful tools to write different types of Emails.
This course is great. I would recommend everyone to enroll in this course.
It was very good learning for me & my carrier .I want to join more courses
It is so useful and accurate course.i am so excited to finish this course.
Well, i learned a lot of new stuffs concerning email writing. Thanks a lot
short but very effective, straight to the point and easily to understand .
Great start for my professional communication in English.Thank you, Gerry!
I never see any Coursera course like this for professional Email writing.
This is nice course to learn how to write professional Emails.in English.
I am very happy. it was very useful for me. it was exactly what I needed.
I really liked the MO. I would recommend everyone to take up this course.
Thank you so much to make this course a fun and interesting way to learn.
Very good course, you will find everything related to email writing rules
Yeah, This course was awesome and i enjoyed learning.Thank you very much.
It is helpful for people who speak English as a foreign language. Thanks.
Very useful course, this gonna help me in the future.  Thank you so much
Finally, I end this course really help me to write a professional emails
Everything was good, maybe quizzes will be OK, but I really learn enough
This course is very efficient for learning to write professional emails.
Really helpful. Short and brief. Thank you Georgia tech for this course.
thank you for providing Free Mooc Courses, these are very useful courses
Very nice course which explained very well about business email writing.
This course improve your skills to write professional emails in english.
This course was really interesting and useful for me :)Thank you, Gerry!
The course instructor was on point. He was clear and easy to understand.
Learned a lot of information from this course thank you so much coursera
It's very good course and wonderful lecturer Thanks so much Best regards
The best explanation was given in this course. I'm thankful to Coursera.
I learned how to write a professional email after this lesson, it worth.
Good  course. It helped me in solving my doubts regarding writing email.
The course met my expectations, as it allowed me to improve my knowledge
I definitely recommend this course! It provides a wealth of information!
I really liked this course. Everything was concise and to the the point.
Thank you for all information and explanation. It was a big help for me.
Excellent course!!! Everything is step by step. I'm enjoying the course.
helpful course i find in the course to learn about the email write off.
Excellent teaching method. I have learnt a lot by touching this course.
The course was very informative and learnt all the topics with interest
It is great  course to learn professional email and develop my skills .
Course is good and easy to adopt. I've learnt a lot on this. Thank you!
Very good classes. Assignments are really good. The Tutor is fantastic.
This course helps me understand how to write email in English properly.
It's was excellent experience! Thank you for this course and good luck!
Really helped me to be more proficient in communicating through emails.
I am learning a lot from this course. Thanks to all coursera community.
great! I learn a lot important details in writing a professional email.
Very useful course. Thank you so much, Mr. Gerry Landers and Coursera.
Very helpful enjoyed it and thank you I understood everything clearly.
I will benefit from this curse very much and i will used in daily life
This course totally changed my view about writing professional emails.
This was Amazing Course. I got many things to keep in mind. Thank you.
Thank you for all information and role to improve my skills and career
The course is up to 5 star. I am so happy to be a part of this course.
The course is very very important, and very good in same time. Thank's
Really helpful tools to improve your english skills in writing emails.
I am so satisfied with the Coursera English course. I learned so much.
Many thanks for this useful course , was include many good information
Nice course. I liked it a good deal. This is first for me in coursera.
Great teacher and all the video lectures were very clear to undestand
You will acquire skills in creating email through the course as I do.
I have learnt to write a proper email through this course . Thank You
I learned all the most important think that I need to improve myself.
A brief and useful course with very interesting practical assignments
It was such a great course to learn about professional email writing.
I have a lot of information from this course than you teacher a lot .
it is very useful and helpful, but we need more exercises to practice
It's an excellent course to do if you want to become more assertive!
It was great experience for me. i have actually learn a lot from it.
An excellent course for professional email writing . Learned  a lot.
It's a great platform to learn. It's also highly recommended course.
The perfect course for learning how to write a professional email!!!
It is really good and makes you more confident while writing emails.
Great course, this changed me professionally in email communication.
very professional and has added a lot to me that helps me in my work
Excellent! You really learn how to properly write emails in English.
very helpful, especially for those who just start their career life.
this course really helped me to learn how to write my letters better
The course teaches the basic skill of writing an professional Email.
I learnt how to write perfect emails although I am weak in English.
This is an amazing tool for improving professional English. Thanks!
Very satisfied and the Doctor is very clearly with the information.
learnt many things, got chances to correct my grammatical mistakes.
I learnt most essential skill from this course. Thank you Coursera.
This course is very effective for English learners. Thanks Coursera
Good course with some good advices to improve your writting skills.
Very helpful course to enhance English Email writing. Very helpful.
This is very nice Course with coursera thanks for UNHCR and CORSERA
It improves efficiently business email in English. High recommend.
simple words to understand without boring withe useful information
A very great introduction into writing emails more professionally.
A great course. Even the very minute things are covered in detail.
Very good teacher, I liked learn with the team of the georgia tech
this teacher is excellent, i have to come back as soon as possible
Thank you for the opportunity to attend this course. I enjoyed it!
The method of explanation is so simple ,thanks a lot for your help
I liked the course. I learned a lot in writing professional email.
Thanks for support. I learned how to write professional email well
I really enjoyed this course. Thank you very much. I recommend it.
Well structured course. Clear and useful in writing communication.
This course definitely helped me hone my skills in writing emails
I learned essential information  about emails.Thanks to Coursera.
it was nice to work on it and learn quite usefull stuff of email.
It was helpful, and I hope it will help me in the upcoming years.
This is so helpful! Thank you so much for your effort  and time^^
This was just awesome! I had a great time learning in this couse.
I IMPROVED MY COMMUNICATION  SKILLS AND  IMPROVED  WRITING EMAILS
This course is perfect to learn professionalism in email writing.
Very effective course to learn how to write professional E-mails.
Undoubtedly, A great course for writing emails in business arena.
This course is an opportunity to write error free, decent Emails.
This course is Superb.... I earn so much here. Thank you coursera
Great Course. I love this instructor..... Beautiful presentation.
Nice small course to refresh and train your email writing skills.
This course is excellent.  I am learning more than I had planned.
It is a very useful course to improve your English writing skill.
It is very helpful to be great in writing e-mails professionally.
This is an amazing platform I have to learn a lot from Coursera.
Very Good Course; every professional should do it at least once.
Thank you, Professor Landers. I learned a lot from this course!!
¡Excellent and Perfect course!. Now I can express myself better.
Great course for developing fundamental e-mail writing approach.
Amazing course! My English writing skills have greatly improved.
one of the best person I have seen in my life Mr jerry thank you
The way in which teacher teaches was goodand easy to understand.
Great initiative an i learned a lot from georgia tech university
The course was very informative and helpful. Highly recommended.
It is good course for candidates who wants to start there career
I loved this course because it's both theoretical and practical.
The best course to learn how write professional email ,thank you
Very easy to learn & good tips on writing emails professionally.
Excelent program. Ounstanding for English learning. Thanks a lot
good class and especially last two  weeks are really informative
Well structured course. The basic level, suitable for beginners.
I'm very happy for the course!! Congratulations and thank you!!
Thank you, great method of teaching! very simple and very clear
I learned a new way of to write emails, efective and practical.
It actually covers all the parts of Professional email writing.
very good course and nicely explained without making it lengthy
This course is very helpful to develop my communication skills.
its was such a good course and the teacher teachs very well too
This course helped me a lot in how to write professional emails
i learn so much from this course. thank you so much to Coursera
It was a nice journey, I have learned lots of thinks thank you.
Excellent course, and way to structure and teach. Great Teacher
great course .really helps me to improve my skills. i love it .
Great course, very useful and informative. I really enjoyed it.
Well organised course, it was easy to comprehend. Thanks much.
It help my writing skills also learn how other cultures write.
Thank you for all professional lessons, and Coursera platform.
This is such a great help. Thanks to Coursera and Mr. Landers.
Nice course and thanks to Prof Landers for his time and effort
Good course, if you want write professional emails in english.
Great course to learn about writing Email in Professional way.
By the help of this course i spent my time to build my career.
Very good course for professionals to write Emails in English.
it's a amazing course .I learn't many things here. Thank you .
i learnt alot in this course regarding the professional emails
It helped to enhance my formal communication ability in email.
thank you professor, i learn so many new things during course.
it's a good course, I improve my English communication skills.
I like this teacher so much. And I learned a lot in this clas.
This course helped me alot to be a Professional Email Writer.
I loved this course, and Mr.Jerry Landers is a great teacher.
It was superb course.I learned to write emails professionally
this course is improved my learning and my level of thinking.
I don't liked the peer review system because its slow I think
It's an extraordinary course for writing professional e-mail.
Very Useful course. Thankyou Georgia Institite of Technology.
It was  a good course. Professionally it has helped me a lot.
A good course for improving our knowledge in emails.Thank you
A great way to improve my communication , thank you very much
The course identifies key things while emailing. Recommended!
I really appreciate the help and the knowledge I've acquired.
Excellent for the beginner with a hope of being professional.
It is very helpful course. I learnt write professional email.
it was so helpful and I got to learn a lot of skills. Thanks!
This is a great course for improving my Email writing skills.
So many details to learn, by the most easy way. Thanks a lot!
I learnt a lot of thing from this course. Thank You so much.
Very good course for writing  professional emails in English
This course is amazing. Love for Coursera team and teachers.
one of the best courses i had ever, really i've learned alot
Best online course for professional email writing in english
I learned a lot of information about emails from this course
I must say that the material and the lecturer are very good.
It was a great course and It would be usefull in my new job.
I like your style of teaching. simple and concise. Good job!
I would love the course much more if there are more examples
I with all my heart, loved it. I improved so much. Thanks a
I am very happy with this course it teach me so may things.
I have learn more useful stuff in this Coursera application
I learnt important things a lot from this module. Thank you
it was a great course, i reccomend to high school students.
This is a very useful and important course. I recommend it.
Thank you very much. Thank you Sir.Thank you  Coursera Team
A great course to learn about writing a professional Email.
The entire course is really good especially the instructor.
He is a very good teacher, very clear and wise. Goos course
Excellent course!! and Great explanations by the Professor.
It's useful for people whose first language is not English.
So excellent and useful tips for writing emails in English!
It Is a professional way to learn how to write emailsThanks
Great instructor. i will recommend the course to my friend.
Thanks the teacher! The lesson is helpful and funny for me.
Very GooReally very helpful to write professionally emails.
It is a useful course. The course is not difficult to pass.
Great course. I think that everyone need to do this course.
One of the Best courses that I recommend it for everyone .
It is a pretty good experience. Hope can offer more cases.
this was my first course and it was a fantastic experience
This course is very good to learn the structure of emails.
I really appreciate it and thankful for the Coursera team.
Very helpful course, highly recommended for professionals.
Thanks for giving us professional advice in writing email.
It"s a good course to improve the way of writing an email.
This course helps me very well to improve my E-mail skills
Thank you for the great course! It was really interesting!
this course is really amazing and beneficial for my career
Thanks Mr. Landers  fro your time and effort you given us.
The course helps me  a lot. Inspires me to improve myself!
good course ,i'm study many thing  and write email bester.
The course has helped me in writing more effective e-mails
Thank you very much for your giving me this online course.
It is an efficient course for beginners in writing email.
Excellent course teaching style was impressive and unique
It does give you a foot in the way of professional emails
Nice and effective course for professional email writing.
recommended for those who daily write professional emails
This course is really useful.I recommend it for everyone.
intresting courses for the profossionalThank you theacher
Brilliant course, I highly recommend this stunning course
Fantastic course with huge resources. Highly recommended.
Great course to learn how to Professional Email writer...
It's pretty simple, but it includes a lot of useful tips!
This course is very helpful to improve my writing emails.
An excellent course. Professional coaching and mentoring.
Very nice and beneficial course, I'm so glad to be here.
a very good course to have a gist of how to write emails
Must try for learning basic professional email language.
Great course！I have more confidence to write Emails now!
This course is very importanmt for me.It helps me a lot.
It's change my communication skills totally in new way .
i learnt different kind of email writing in a polite way
Thank you so much for providing such a wonderful course.
It helped me a lot. thanx to Coursera and the instructor
Basic understanding about how to write e mail is usefull
Teaching is extremely  good,I literally love this course
Thank you so much it was a great adventure.See you soon.
with the course Iam learning a lot how to write professi
Thank you sir , for make me knowledgeable in this field.
The course is well-prepared and each lecture is dynamic.
Very helpful and hands-on course. I highly recommend it.
Thank you very much. It has been interesting experience.
Wonderful course and learned lot of new things.Thanks GT
It really helped me to improve my  email writing skills.
Precise and to the point. Easy to follow and understand.
Really useful information, direct and practical course.
It was great! Excellent teacher and useful information.
I have learned so many things about Professional Emails
Great course, great experience, learned allot of stuff.
Good course, I received so much throughout this course.
wonderful course  explained in the easiest way possible
This is very good course. I learned lot in this course.
This course is like enclosing the seven seas in a bowl.
its a very good course that enhances your email skillls
Clear information, easy to understand and very helpful!
Amazing. I have learnt so many things from this course.
I learned a lot during this excellent course.Thank you!
Such a great mentor having great experince of learning.
Very useful information and incredibly well summarized.
great course to learn professional email writing skills
It was a good course because of the practical learning.
this is a very nice course. i recommend it to everyone.
I liked everything, it was useful! Thank you very much!
It's greet course , specific, clearly and professional.
THANKS for giving me this wonderful and useful courses.
Great considerations about intercultural email exchange
I had a better experience of this course.I'm so happy!
Very informative course with knowledgeable Instructor!
Very Useful course to learn Professional Email Writing
I'm so grateful for this excellent course!! Thank You.
Excellent lecturer. Thanks for sharing your knowledge.
Good Course for essential E mail Writing tips included
it's  very good  course for your personal development.
It was a great experience to be a part of this course.
This course is superb & will give more help in future.
Must to do course for all professionals, well bundled!
Thanks to our instructor for his great teaching skills
It's very useful for my daily communications by email.
Bundle of Thanks for coursera that create this course.
Learnt hands-on methods in professional email writing.
The contents of the lecture is very concise and clear.
HI! you give me very important knowledge! best regards
Excellent course! So clear and useful! thanks so much!
Simple and easy, great work Mr. Landers and his team.
it helps me to increase my skill in writing an email.
Excelent course. Very well outlined. Congratulations.
To the point easy to understand and implement course.
Nice, very flexible and stress free learning process.
Assignment Reviewing Process should be more improved.
Excellent and very useful. learned lot and enjoyed it
Couser is awesome!the trainer is so good at teaching.
Would love to get to the next level for Email writing
Excellent Learning Experience.Useful and informative.
This coure helped me a lot. Thank you for this course
I enjoyed it a lot and my style changed a bit better.
Amazing Course  instructor brief , clear and direct .
He is an awesome teacher who can make learning easy .
It was a great experience to learn from Mr. Landers .
i enjoyed watching this video it was very educational
Wonderful , I Love it !!!! thanks for your teaching .
Excellent and highly recommended course for everyone.
Many Thanks for this course and for our  professors.
Excelent course and very good understanding teacher.
Absolutely thrilling. Loved the delivery. Thank You!
Good and clear instructions. I learned a lot. Thanks
It was amazing to be part of this incredible course.
Hats off to the amazing tutor and the entire team...
It is a great course, thanks Mr. Landers & Coursera.
Great Course ,it help me to write an official email.
Good entry level course. It is structured very well.
Great course thanks for creating this amazing course
Method of teaching is very simple and understandable
Very interesting to improve the e-mail communication
very nice course with very good practices thank you.
Very well done. Clear material , excellent lecturer!
very useful !Thanks to the dynamic professor Jerry !
I got really a good benifit by this valuable course.
Thank you very much for taking this type of course.
This course is very helpful and not much difficult.
The course is really too good. I have learnt a lot.
I enjoyed this course. Thank you to the instructor!
This is really a great course.Thank you instructor.
One of the best courses available on this platform!
I have learn good skills in this course. Thank you.
I have improved lot in writing Professional emails.
Objective and direct course. Extremely recommended.
It's easy to understand and really helpful. Thanks!
This course was very useful and I enjoyed it a lot.
great course i'm so happy to be part of this course
Very nice and simple explanationThanks for sharing.
this course was a big help for my business emails ~
This course is superb . Very clear and informative.
Awesome. I am  planning join to another course too.
Excelent course! Easy to follow, very good content!
It's an amazing course. I learned a lot of things.
It will help any one to write Professional Emails.
Thank you so much! This course improved my skills.
Great course with amazing instuctors to guide you.
Overall it was great, I really learned. Thank you.
This is one of the best courses for email writing.
Excellent course taught by an excellent professor!
This is the easy way for me to improve my English.
thanks for every things💚best regards for coursera
Excellent course for up gradation in email writing
This course is really helpful and I learned a lot.
Today, I am very glad for this professional course
Effective, well-structured content,  very usefull!
this course is really fantastic! I learned a lot:)
Great course with great instructors.Thank yo all!!
Excellent way to learn writing emails in English.
It was a very useful course. I am giving 5 stars.
Very easy to understand and good points to learn.
Very Useful to me. Thank you for fantastic teach.
I really loved it!!! I learnt and improved a lot!
Its was a good experience to study with coursera.
It was  a new experiense for me , and i'm happy .
Very friendly and interesting lessons! Thank you!
Thank you, I have learned a lot. You are so good.
Very good course, and very good professor. Thanks
Very knowledgeable yet easy to understand course.
Very helpful course in practical day to day life.
You explain very details with examples. I like it
Excellent course.Got to much new concept to learn
The best course i have ever studied!! Thank you!!
Mr.Landers is great. His teaching style is great.
i like him . He is really very good Teacher ..!!!
The faculty is too good that no part feels bored
Excellent course, thank you for the opportunity.
Very usefull, well structured and explained. THX
It was great. All material and course was great.
The way of teaching is very good. Congrats team.
Good course to improve your email writing skills
I  did learn  more things for my work. Thank you
This was great experience for me. Thank you sir.
Thank you so much for this intersting formation.
It is a very great and perfect course, Thank you
Instructor was amazing. It was a great learning.
It is a grrat program, with saesy and undarstand
GoodImproved in writing an email with little bit
Whole course was informative and very good also.
Great teacher, from my heart thank you very much
A great course about professional email writing.
Uniquely designed and understandingly delivered.
It,s a wonderful course.I enjoyed it very much.
Thanks, I am very happy, This course is awesome
This course help me to improve my writing skill
excellent course with great tips and exercises!
Why my grade doesn't appears im my certificate?
This is very useful and thanks to Coursera Team
It is a great course that everyone should take.
This course is quite helpful for the beginners.
Nice course . Short but very useful ..Thank you
Good, ,I improvised myself in writing an email.
amezing course i learned so much thank you guys
Very goog course, and very   friendly  teatcher
it is a great course, everyone should try this.
Thank you very much, tutor! Very useful course.
It helped me a lot. Thank you for good courses.
very good sense of humor and style of teaching.
I love this course. It shows you everything you
Good course material, and resources. Thumbs Up!
I found this course very useful so far. Thanks.
Recommended for beginners. Easy to understand.
It was really amazing course with Mr. Landers!
5 weeks of Learning, really loved this course.
Go once if you think you are good n that also.
Thanks for your effort..it was amazing course.
I do really appreciate your efforts and times.
I have learned many things through this course
It's very helpful. i learnt in very less time.
Very informative course , highly recommended .
Thank you for this excellent and useful course
great man and father he tech us a lots .thanks
i found this course very effective and useful.
It is a very useful course.Thank you very much
Great course and the teaching is very subtle.
Really good, well explained, I love coursera.
Interesting and professional looking subject.
Have really a great journey with this course.
I am very happy after completing this course.
It was excellent course, I like his teaching.
Wonderful content developed by Gerry Landers.
It's too easy and fun to complete the course.
thank you very much it is very helpful course
Great course! It's helped me a lot. Thank you
This course was great.  Thanks for great Info
It's easy to follow and useful in daily life.
Really good teacher and clear line of course!
Very effective course with awesome strategy.
Great content and a much appreciated effort!
Very useful  course for day today activities
very good  and course  and i love it so much
This course is very informative and helpful.
This was a wonderful opportunity. Thank you.
He was a great teacher¡ 

Excellent course ¡
Easy to understand and easy to grasp course.
Thanks for Profesional and Effective Course.
Learnt lot about professional email writing
Amezing to learn professional email writing
very good course to improve email writing .
Very organized and very useful, thanks 🙏🏽
Very nice course with an excellent Teacher.
This is excellent course I really like it .
It`s an amazing course that i had joined it
I'm glad to be here, I really learned a lot
Great Course with handy tools and resources
Great tutor, useful information! Thank you!
i really liked the course thank you so much
I like this course. It's simple and clear.
Very good training and very good trainner.
Perfect for learning email writing skills.
Good, clear and usefull course. Thnak you.
Excellent course, professionally prepared.
very good ,i learned lot from this course.
Helpful for all and good learning platform
The best.It has helped me a lot.Thank you.
This is an excellent and wonderful course.
Good course to learn professional writing.
Great course, which impoves my daily work.
The course is very interesting and useful.
It’s my pleasure to be one of your student
Thanks for such useful and helpful course.
Great course! Very effective and practical
Really good classes!Totally recommended :)
It is a very interesting and useful course
Precise and direct. Straigth to the point.
it was really nice ...keep it up guysssss
Great Course! So much take from this one!
Very easy to learn and very effective too
Very very useful course, I learned a lot.
I learned lot of things in a easyest way.
Excellent lecture deliver and informative
one the best course available in coursera
It was an educative course. Thanks a lot.
Very easy to understand and great faculty
This is the best curse I have ever seen .
Very profitable and understandable course
Wonderful course to enhance email writing
Very good course. We learn more and more.
Thank you very much for your great effort
I learnt a lot. It's so amazing and good.
good course and very rich in informations
Thank you, that's was helpful and amazing
The instructor is great and professional.
A great course, worth taking it. Thanks.
Overall a peaceful and effective course.
It was great I had learned lots of stuff
Found good for the language developement
Nice explanation and very helpful to me.
An excellent course.. I am feeling glad.
Nice experience in learning this course.
It is improved my self,to show whom i am
Very easy to understand. I learnt a lot.
The helpful basics for English learners.
thanks professor for this amazing course
Full of knowledge and easy to understand
Super and all the best for next course.
I have improved my email writing skill.
It was really helpful course! Thank You
This is a nice course. Don't miss this.
Great Opportunity to learn many things.
I enjoyed a lot.Thank u so much sir....
Excellence for the confidence in Emails
Very structured and informative course.
Easy and useful for non-English speaker
It is a very helpful course to help me!
I enjoyed this course and learnt a lot.
The format of learning is really good.
I am really benefited from this course
I enjoy this course, very interesting.
Good course This course is very useful
Very effective and interesting course.
it is very quick and important course.
Nice Course many thinng i have learned
I love this course. Thanks a lot, sir.
I have learned a lot from this course!
I like the trainer. very well designed
It was good course and high experience
Thank You for this wonderful Course...
Useful and light course, Thank you Mr.
I learned a lot of things about email.
This is a very good course. Thank you.
Verry helpful course on writing emails
So much cordial on delivering lecture.
Very clear, very professional, useful.
Very good contents and practical tip !
very useful skill we all need to learn
Very interesting course. To recommend.
Excellent course with Gerry Landers :)
Thank you so much! You helped me alot.
The course was very beneficial to me.
I just loved it !!! Great experience.
I love the course, Thank you so much.
I enjoyed the course and assessments.
its great to learn how to write eamil
In this course i have Learn my things
Great content and amazing instructor!
Great course with  brief explaination
Nice course. You should try this one.
Amazing course, definitely go for it.
One of the best speakers to listen to
Joyful, full of information, simple .
Very iteresting and knowledge for me.
The professor Gerry really helped me!
Easy to learn and easy to understand.
Great, this courrse help me thank you
Very Nicely and Thoroughly Explained.
Good points and information gathered!
It's amazing course.Thank you so much
Excellent I learned very effectively.
It's awesome, I really learned a lots
nice course and well defined content.
A very informative course. Thank you.
Great Course and the Best Instructor.
Very comprehensive , I recommended it
Great! I have learned too much here.
The best course and best instructor.
Outstanding course, I learned a lot.
It was a nice Course I came accross.
I had a lot of fun doing the course.
had an amazing experience, thank you
Simple and specific. Perfect course.
It was excellent!!! I learned a lot.
Great Course I learned lot of Things
I so learned a lot with this course.
Best Instructor! Great Guidelines :)
THIS COURSE IS PERFECT FOR EVERYONE.
It is great I learned alot from this
Valuable information in a simple way
The course is very clear and useful!
A little bit short, but very useful
This is the Best course, i love It!
The best course, I have ever taken.
excellent platform to grab knowlege
Good tips are given- useful for all
Very Fantastic.Thank you Sir Jerry.
Must take course for all beginners!
This course is very help full to me
I really enjoyed taking this course
In this course verry use full to me
I have enjoyed much in this course.
i recommend this course to everyone
Very informative and useful course.
Thanks Mr. Sanders for this course.
Wonderful course I really enjoy it
Very helpful for gaining knowledge
it is a great course, well built.!
Great course and great instructor.
Excellent direction by the teacher
Best suggestion for every students
Useful and meaningful! I loved it!
Awesome Class! Highly Recommended!
Good course with lots of knowledge
Very well. It suits me. Thank you.
Great course with lots of details.
Very Informative and useful Course
It made me learn a lot, thank you.
That was a very interesting course
Thanks for such informative course
It was very good platform to learn
Concise and straight to the point.
Awesome lecturer and great course!
The course is excellent! Thank you
Best to learn about email writing
Coursera is a best place to learn
Very good course, I learned a lot
great course and amazing lecturer
The designed for almost everyone.
Great knowledge given by coursera
Thanks for teaching us Sir Gerry.
Superb and very useful Journey...
Its really a great journey for me
Its really good and also helpful.
Amazing option to improve English
This course was very informative.
very useful and excellent teacher
Great course and great instructor
Great course from coursera thanks
Simple and straight to the point.
Great Course, excellent teacher.
Thank you for this lovely course
Amazing course for new learners.
I found this course quite useful
I can improve my writing skills!
Entertaining and complete course
i enjoyed learning and reviewing
Excellent and very useful course
different types of email writing
good course I learned may things
A great active learning session!
Great way to improve your skills
Great. Recommend it to everyone.
Very good and informative course
The perfect course for learners.
great course thank you very much
Thanks for this wonderful course
I learned a lot with this course
Very good  insights and practice
Excelent informacion, I like it.
great course with useful skills
Easy to understand every detail
very useful course in my future
Thank you for the great course!
Very useful course for meThanks
Nice and very productive Course
It was really nice and helpful.
very good, professional teacher
awsome experience thank you sir
It is a very good course for me
Very good information was given
Basically a great course indeed
Improved the knowledge & skills
Thanks a lot for this chance :)
one of the most learning source
I love this course, very simple
great courses， helped me a lot!
wonderful course for beginners
Wow, It was a wonderful course
Very precise and clear lessons
It was good learning from you.
It was such a good experience.
I loved it. Thank you teacher.
This course is perfect for me.
Thanks professor, learned alot
Brief, but very useful course.
Great course. I learned a lot.
Got to know some of the basics
So interesting course, thanks.
Thank you professor Landers !
A great learning opportunity!
Great Course. I am impressed.
Each modules nicely explained
A very good course! Thank you
Thank you very much Coursera.
One of the best online course
Nice Course. I am so grateful
This is the Best Course  ever
Very very informative course.
It was superb learning space.
Great Learning With you Sir!!
Very Useful, Specific, Clean.
it's very intresting to learn
good course for email writing
more clear and very important
You are an outstanding tutor!
He has humor and I like it :)
The course is very objective.
This course is really useful.
This course helped me a lot!
Great course with great tips
Very use full to my carrier.
The best course for learning
I lea4rned a lot. Thank you!
Itwasanexceptionalexperience
Very informative and helpful
Actually it's a great course
The teaching method is good.
Very interesting and simply.
I really like the instructor
Very helpful and informative
it was an excellent course!!
Very Nice Course Must to do.
Education in very simple way
Amazing and very very useful
Nice usefull course. Thanks!
That was really interesting.
Thank you for a great class!
The lesson is really useful!
Very simple and very useful.
This course as very helpful
This course is very helpful
Thanks to  Mr.Gerry Landers
I really enjoy this course!
It's a very usefull course!
Excellent learning contents
It's really helpful for me.
learning style was so good.
IT WAS AN EXCELLENT COURSE.
Really helpfull this course
Well teached prof. Landers.
The course was informative.
One of the best experiences
Great course, usefull tips.
It was good.It was amazing.
Good, It's easier to study.
This course is very useful!
Fantastic. Look no further!
I benifit a lot! Thank you.
Very good course and tutor
just an awesome experience
helpful to be professional
Excellent.... That´s great
good to learn many updates
That was a awesome course.
I liked the course thanks.
Correct Email Typing Learn
Super and brilliant course
It was Amazing Experience!
Amazing course and teacher
Highly Recommended Course!
You are best teacher ,Sir.
it's really amazing course
Really professional course
It's such a great course!!
great course, very helpful
very useful and intersitng
Very usefull, thanks a lot
immensely helpful course.
it was a hell of a course
it was good.Thank You SIr
thank you, it's very good
Great course. I loved it.
good learning this course
Love this course so much.
Great course for anybody.
It is very helpful for me
Thankyou so much coursera
very useful and excellent
This is a helpful course.
This course very helpful.
Improve the email writing
Glad to learning from you
Thanks Gery really thanks
it is really great course
It was great. Thank you.
I am grateful,Thank you.
In a word, just awesome.
It was great experience!
thanks for your support.
THIS COURSE WAS GREAT!!!
Good course I enjoyed it
Nice course for everyone
BEST COURSE FOR EMAILING
Very good.I like to much
it is a wonderful course
It gave me many benefits
It's very useful course!
very useful .. thank you
awesome tips for writing
The program very useful!
Great lessons! Thank you
I recommend this course
It is very nice course.
This course was helpful
I had great experience!
THANK YOU SO MUCH SIR..
It is very good course.
It was really amazing!!
It's helpful and great.
Very nicely organized..
Great Course and tutor!
It is very much helpful
Awesome teacher he is !
A very explicit course.
Thanks for your course!
very useful. Thank you.
Simple and very useful.
Very Flexible program.
It’s an amazing course
So recommended course!
It's  a good courser .
interesting and useful
Very useful. Thank you
Informative course....
This course is perfect
good platform to learn
It was Good experience
This was very uelpfull
thank you so much ....
Overall awesome course
it was soo nice course
great course Go for it
course is very helpful
It is the best course.
its very useful for us
Perfect for Beginners!
very effective course.
Thanks Professor Gerry
Its was awesome course
It's very good course.
it is a great course!!
Very Helpful Course..!
It is a great course.
Easy and very useful.
I leraned about Email
Excelent learn method
I really appreciated!
Enjoy this very much.
It was amazing course
Really good plateform
Really useful course,
Many Thanks,Good work
This course is Great.
Very helpful! Thanks.
Great course indeed!
VERY GOOD. THANK YOU
I really this course
Very useful, thanks.
It is really worthy.
Very nice experience
Everything was good!
Learning a new thing
Great Course Ever...
Lots of good tips...
Very Very educative
good course to join
really nice course.
overall good mentor
very nice instuctor
A nice course it is
l like this course.
It's very good 😊👍
Useful and vividly.
Really fine course!
Its a great journey
Very basic and fun.
such a great lesson
effective and clear
Strongly recommend!
Simple, but usefull
its good ok try it
Really Appreciable
A very Good Course
A fantastic course
Really informative
Very useful to all
Very informative:)
Thank you a lot!!!
It's usefull to me
Thank You so much
Very good course.
A great course!!!
Excelent teacher.
Oustanding Course
liked this course
great , I love it
Very professional
Wonderfull course
Nice explanation!
the best course.
Technical course
Its very helpful
Good and simple.
Vary good Course
It is fantastic.
Clear and Simple
Great Professor.
loved doing it.
Really helpfull
Really helpfull
Amaging Course!
Thanks alot sir
Very intresting
Amazing Course.
Thanks so much!
Great learning.
Perfect Courses
I love English.
Ge-art learning
perfect teacher
Dear Professor,
clear an simple
greate coursera
Really awesome
learn with fun
AMAZING COURSE
A good choice.
It is worth it
Very Helpful!!
Really great.
amazing cours
Help me a lot
Good course!!
Great faculty
Very excited!
Thanks alot.
very hopeful
That's great
Nice traning
It was fanta
It's Amazing
Brilliant <3
Really Good.
Very Good...
Thanks Prof
Very useful
Its perfect
I learning!
Thanks :-)
I loved it
Its a Good
Is perfect
Fabulous!
Think you
Good luck
Nice one
Finished
