Frequently ambiguous, poorly written and lacking in actual content. The peer review process is particularly irritating. I'm curious as to how every person who takes this course has to review the work of 3 other people, is there some kind of backlog?
My profile shows that I have completed this course, which is not true. I have yet to complete Week1. Please help me get my account updated with the correct information. I would like to get back to Week 1.
The explanation is not clear at all . He only read things without clear explanation. It's a review course . If you are a beginner believe me you won't understand what he says after the third week .
I would not recommend this course because the video lessons are quite poor. The teacher mostly reads notes from his iPad without a proper presentation or some kind of text.
The course covers very useful and interesting topics, not in very much detail though. It is useful to begin with the topics, but it is really  not more that a thin introduction.
Some lectures were boring, so difficult to follow.
I thought it was a good course overall. Initially, I was very excited about it as the initial videos and materials are engaging. However, the course slacks off during the most difficult concepts. There were less depth provided in the course note or videos. Overall, I am happy I took the course.
It is a great course but it needs more supplementary sources. Furthermore, the lecturer is fine but he only reads the script without some deep explanation of some issues. All in all, it is a great course for building the basic principles about clinical research and statistical concepts
This course mainly focus on statistics and statistical parameters and almost nothing about about Understanding Clinical Research - as title anotate
really beautiful course for introducing the concept of clinical research to healthcare students especially the ones having zero background knowledge and relating that research in a clinically useful way. Very well covered content. Although what was most disappointing in this course was the way the section on non parametric tests was taken. It was as though the professor almost blew off the tests in a whiff of a smoke. Would have really liked and appreciated if that content was better taken and slightly in more details with examples, I would have literally rated 5 stars.
The course is presented by an engaging and likeable lecturer.  Moreover, the course is free and so will only cost you your time and whatever effort you put in. The topics range from very basic to quite advanced and, thus, much information may be at the wrong level for you; on the other hand, there should be some appropriate content for you.
Nice introduction into medical statistics for non statisticians or physicians. Lector has hard accent, but all necessary info is doubled in text (why course contains video then?). And peer reviewed task is a pain in the ass. Why it became so popular?
Great introduction to the clinical statistic usually encountered while reading medical or biology literature. However it would be much appreciated if more calculations could be incorporate into this course.
I believe this may be a more helpful course to those already quite familiar with statistics and for those who use statistical terminology daily.
its ok, stays some time on a lot of concepts and then goes on to very brief explanations of other ones.
Thank you for your course. Teaching statistics to the ones (majority) who do not have maths background is incredibly hard and the works for teacher is humongous. Few flaws to highlight:  some parts where a little bit too "simplistic" like for instance; sampling and frequency distribution , ANOVA Z and T tables.  These parts I believe requires a little bit more insight in the nature of the maths behind it to grab a better understanding of it.  I have to say I had to integrate your material with other you tube videos on the web to get a deeper sense of it.  An introduction to ROC curve and Meta-analysis is something to consider for future courses  I have also noted a lack of reply to many questions written on the Forum. But overall a very good course which delivers basic concept of statistics. I think I have improved the ability to better understand the methodology behind research and research manuscript.
I'm thankful for the fact that there is little mathematical detail about the statistics, which is indeed a good choice for anyone who just want to correctly "read" a clinical research. The knowledge of the last 3 weeks is, however, too concise. I would love know more about story/nature behind each test, or at least, some good material too read or listen to. But I think, the course is very well structured, lectures are short and clear, examples are interesting and practical.
I found this course very helpful in breaking down the subject matter well and making it easy to understand. I however think there can be improvement in terms of the manner in which the information  is conveyed in the videos. They should be made more exciting and more images and graphs should be used to help the student understand, not just the lecturer speaking. I also found the readings rather redundant as all they information was already relayed in the video before.
I took this course because I heat statistic and I want something easy to understand it, now I have finished the course I would say I did understand a lot of the concepts that will help me in reading and understanding and even criticize some research papers. special thanks to de.juan he really breaks things down to make it looks very easy. now I still heat statistics but I have its basic now ^_^
Very useful course when you have very little background in statistics. You are taught the basic ideas behind the most commonly used statistical tests. The course really gives you a solid base to understand statistics described in scientific medical articles. Actually, after completing this course I felt confident enough to start doing basic statistical analyses on my own research data.
-Would highly recommend for anyone looking to quickly get a basis for evaluating statistics and logistics of medical literature. Notes sections after videos are an excellent supplement to the videos (which are not too long), and does a great job of hitting high points.-If I could make 1 change I would expand the test section to explain more tests (logistic regression, etc.)
It was pretty good course. The movies parts were done at high level. Very easy to follow and gives a good general view. It would be easier to me to read the statistical part in papers. There are still some small parts, that I believe, could being explain better (I am afraid I still not sure about the central limit theorem :( ) but all in all it was very good.
This is a good intro to bio-statistics course.It has one of the most intuitive explanations of p-values and alphas. Some of the explanations, like for sign and rank tests are confusing.  at times I wished there were more problems to do and reading material, but this is perfect for someone who doesn't want a very math heavy introduction to biostats.
It's a good course if you want a general overview of the statistics of clinical research. Personally I was hoping for a little more depth in some of the statistical methods. Some links or suggested readings on the methods would be great as we move along the course. Overall a delightful course. Everything is clearly explained. Thank you Dr. Koppler!
This is a true course of statistics for beginner especially tailored for health professional. I learn so many basic terms and concept behind the statistics. The 2 to 10 minutes videos combined with keynote are really helpful for understanding. However, I do wish there is similar course that use longer time to include more depth in all aspects.
have learn too much interesting concepts and perspective regarding interpreting the results of an statistical analysis, also knowing how to chose the perfect statistic tool for a given data set>>>>really enjoyed   to have such course with that excellent explanation Note:can you guys make a better presentation  image to visualize hard concepts.
Good overall course but I felt a bit lost during the last two weeks of the course as I felt that it was not explained clearly by the tutor. Also because of the tutor accent it was hard at times to keep following what he says so I had to refer to the reading sections in order to understand what he was saying.
This is a very nice introductory course to clinical research with explanation about various research methodologies and statistical tests and which test to use in what scenario. It makes many concepts clear and lays a good foundation for pursuing further interests in the area of clinical research.
The course is broad and covers information pertaining to different types of clinical studies, the difference between them, and statistical analysis associated with such studies.  Good overview for beginners and a refresher for people that are familiar with either clinical studies or statistics.
Overall okay, but touches each of the subjects only at the basics. Makes you unable to understand the different types of research and what tests/assessments to use for different kinds of data. Additional self study is required, as they will not go deep into the maths and actual calculation.
my personal opinion is that the course is quite well designed, very finely trimmed in many aspects. The only thing I would say is that possibly the course should focus slightly more on which statistical test one should choose. This is the only thing, otherwise it was an outstanding course!
The course content was good but I wished for a little more hands on experience with the statistics.  I particularly like the optional excel lessons and wish there were more of those.  Perhaps add exercises in excel or other spreadsheet software to reinforce the learning?
Very good overview of the basics clinical study design and data analysis. I feel that sections 5 and 6 were dealt with a little cursorily with very brief mentions of the different types of statistical analyses. That's why I rated the course 4 stars instead of 5.
It is a very helping course and made maximally convenient in terms of time management. Sessions were both at the beginners level in early weeks but became little bit complicated later well this is the part of the study overall good helping station for us.
Great intro or review for healthcare workers. A little more info and more examples would have been appreciated for all the statistical tests in week 5. Paired t-test is not mentioned in the notes or videos and yet appears in a number of the quizzes.
Really good course for an introduction to statistics in medical field. Wished there was a bit more visual representations when explaining p-values and areas under the curves, and a bit more explanations on SE, CI's interpretation etc.
Dr Klopper is clear in his explanations and has a good grasp of statistics. This course really summarizes the information on statistical tests, but helps introduce you to the terminology and overall meaning of medical studies.
I really like this course. Many of the concepts in the course, I previously didn't understand. But now I know them. I think if they will add some mathematical formula also. then I think this is the best course on Coursera.
Prof Juan Klopper was good with his explanations and provided examples for us to understand. This course truthfully taught the concepts involved in clinical research without having to memorize the mathematical formulas.
was a really good course, I have wished to learn more details about statistical tests such as cox regression, fine and gray model, etc., but this would have made the course even longer. Thank you for that great course!
Very impressed with the platform, and did a great job with high-level explanation of clinical practice based statistics. Will definitely make me more confident in interepreting research articles I read from now on.
i found the course very helpful and informative and i t helps to critically read and interpret research papers. my only take on it is that there was no responses to questions that i asked the lecturer
It was very complete and medical clinical research oriented. I wish it could give you some recommended external material to study, so you can read during the week to further knowledge.
If it were just a little longer it would work to count as the Clinical Research requirement for the the IBLCE exam. I learned a lot but that was the real reason I took the class!
This is a excellent first step in learning the basics of clinical  research. I strongly recommend beginners like me to take this course before doing your own research work.
Great materialI recommend to everyone in clinical research and doctors who a constant reading research articles, it a great way to understand how the results were obtain
Good course, most of the concepts were taught well. It enabled me to develop a more intuitive understanding of clinical research and statistical concepts used
Its a good course for beginners, explained in a simple, understandable manner. The assignments and quiz exercises give authentic self feedback for learners.
I got lost in the non-parametric tests section (Mann-Whitney-U and the rest). However, the p-value explanation was spot on. Thank you.
It was really helpful to understand the clinical research in better way. The short length but succinct lectures were just amazing!
This course gives general informations about the medical statistics. It's easy to follow and I found it very useful
it is very helpful course can improve your knowledge in research process and also make you practice
It was very informative. Made me understand some things deeper. Also motivated to read a bit more.
It is a great course. It provides all what you need in a nice simple way. I highly recommend it.
very interesting and easy to understand course it made statistics really easy for me so far
It is a good course to understand the basics of statistics in clinical research.
Would be great if it can be credited and accredited. Useful for lactation cerps
The videos and key notes seem to be not in snc when it comes to some points .
Really good overview, but perhaps lacks a bit more in depth info in places.
I wander if survival analysis can be added in next attrition of the course
Very well presented, enjoyed the content and found it very stimulating.
I increased my clinical backgroup through this course. Thank
A good course to start learning statistics for beginners.
Very good course.Can be improved with more exercises.
Great job. Of course, there is room for improvement
Well understandable INTRODUCTION to med statistics.
interesting but tough course.. lots of statistics.
A good overview of medical statistics...
A well designed introductory course.
Excellent and concise. Thanks a lot.
Great course so far..
very clear!
Finally, I have an intuitive understanding of clinical research! I completed 2 online courses in clinical research and statistics before this course but I did not get much benefits.  But “Understanding Clinical Research” is the best. It is an excellent course for beginners who are interested in clinical research and medical statistics but do not know where to start from. Finally, I have  the knowledge and trust to start my own research. This course introduced my to the different study types, types of data, the concept of many complicated statistical terms as P value, confidence interval and a lot of statistical methods and tests. On a scale from 1 to 5 when 5 is strongly agree, I would choose 5 to highly recommend this course for my friends. This scale is an ordinal categorical data type by the way :)Thank you for this amazing course.
Great course!! it is gonna provide you a good foundation in clinical studies if you want to start your career in clinical research! Clear explanation and comprehensive case study! highly recommended!
A great introduction to understanding research and a great platform to springboard keen clinicians into performing their own research. Will take what I've learnt and apply it to my own research!
I'm very new at this theme, this course has being the perfect beginning. If you don't have a mathematical background and you don't understand when the funny S appear, this is the course for you!
Klopper MD is a great teacher. There are other courses from another top universities about this topic, but I think this is my favourite. This the shortest in duration and most comprehensive among all.
I managed to understand very important concepts of statistics used in the writing of articles, my understanding in the reading of scientific texts has improved a lot
This is an outstanding course! I never thought that I'll be able to understand those complicated statistical issues (even if it's only a basic level). It takes a great talent and level of understanding to transfer knowledge in such an easy and comprehensive way. After the course completion I was surprised during the final exam - it was unusual to see how much I've learned, remembered and understood! If my biostatistic classes would look similar to this course, my master thesis writing would be so much easier. Thank you so much Juan for the opportunity to gain the confidence and understanding of basic statistical issues, now I'm not intimidated by "Materials and Methods" section anymore.
As the great majority of reviews say, this is a very, very good course. I learned a great deal over the six week format for the purpose identified: to develop a better feel for the data sections of medical/clinical research papers, for those who are not researchers themselves. There are plenty of videos, all short enough. The quizzes and tests mostly reinforce the learning well, but occasionally they are too hard or raise topics and terms not yet given in the lecture. The two self-assignments--each reading a real paper and identifying its research methods and statistical analysis--was very helpful to me. I am not sure that most students take this part seriously enough (from what I saw when I peer-reviewed), but you get out of it what you put into it. My only wish in terms of content is to have more explanation of p-value; it could really use a second week of attention. Still, there is so much to learn about this topic, that this course gives you a great foundation to go find some other online videos and articles to continue your learning. Great job, Dr. Klopper!
I am a Masters student in Molecular Biology. Though this course uses examples from Clinical Research ( and probably best that it did!), I was able to get a what-does-a statistical-term-actually-mean understanding of the myriad tests that I find in the literature. That makes a whole lot of difference in how I view the Data Analysis section of a paper from now on! I have learnt to understand the pros and cons of each test and what exactly to look for.The course has achieved what it intended to achieve. Not to teach the maths of a stat test but to explore the understanding behind why a particular test was used as opposed to another test!
I found this course to be excellent. The material is high-yield in every regard, giving the right balance of big-picture understanding coupled with enough detail to flesh out the experience and the understanding. The professor was very direct and clear in his explanations; I consider the course to be extremely well taught. There were a few areas where the explanation could have been slightly more illustrative or detailed, but nobody is perfect. Overall this is a very valuable course and a worthwhile use of time for any medical practitioner who has to interact in any way with the world of research.
Great course, really grabs the core of research without bothering the student with statistical equations.I highly recommend the course for all healthcare professions regardless whether they are interested or not in clinical research, because we are now at an era of publications, and everyone of us will be confronted by a piece of research that he will need to understand and at least be able to assess the quality of what in hand.I would like also to thank the mentors especially Dr. Juan, for the great effort and the simplified course they had given, it was really motivating to continue to the end.
Wow! This is the most useful and well delivered course I have ever undertaken. It is a 'must take' course, which should be a prerequisite for all clinicians, especially mandatory for all intending lecturers of medical schools and researchers. As a result of this course, I am more confident in supervising residents who take on quantitative research for their dissertation. I can't wait to apply the knowledge I got for my personal research and, training of medical students and residents on quantitative research methodology. Thanks Dr. Klopper! Thanks coursera!
Perfect course four clinicians that want better understand the logic under a clinical study and the use of statistic in standard data analysis. I will suggest this course to all clinical researcher that need a basic but complete understanding of statistics applied to daily clinical problems.It will help you better understand papers (an allow you to read them more critically) and better chose between different approaches, designing a clinical trial or doing statistic for it. This course is explained in a simply way and the supports are very well prepared.
Wonderful course. He is an excellent instructor. Trying to teach statistics without math is a difficult task, akin to teaching physics without math. I believe he found the right balance between the two and it fulfilled my needs. My goal was to learn about statistical tests and how to use them. The foundational work from weeks 1-4 was useful, but the real meat was in weeks 5 & 6. I personally would have liked just a little algebra during the explanation on the Chi-Square test, as it would explained things a lot better. For this I utilized Khan Academy.
Wonderful and insightful course! A must for beginners who have stepped 
into clinical/ allied medical research, as the course structure is 
meticulously prepared to help biologists (who are weary of daunting 
mathematics behind statistical analysis) easily understand and 
conceptualize statistical analysis. I personally have better 
understanding on how to view my data, what tests to perform and how to 
infer the results. The instructor clearly has instilled in me the 
confidence and ethical morality to look at data and analyze it.
I very much enjoyed Dr Kloppers course. He manages to teach
a wide range of statistical theory within a clinical framework – which is where the value
added was as far as I am concerned as I am not a clinician, but I do need to
know my way around reports and assessments etc.  Further, if the course leaves you wanting more
(and it should) look at Dr Klopper’s YouTube page – the content is superb.
This is an excellent course for resident doctors and clinicians who wish to review the basics of statistics in medical research. The examples and case studies given are very helpful in understanding the application of the different statistical tests that were mentioned throughout the course. Thank you very much for the wonderful lectures, Dr Klopper!
Very clear and direct to the point explanations on how to design a trial, hypothesis contrast and the use of different statistical tests depending on the variables (numerical parametric and non parametric and for categorical variables) and their interpretation. The course also included several "warnings" for the correct interpretation of the study results (for instance, the importance of publishing the raw data of the trials, to set the study hypothesis and statistics from the very beginning and before data collection and analysis, to interpret the PPV considering the prevalence in the sample before extrapolating the result to the population…)
This course will help individual understand the basics of
statistics. This is ideal for an individual who is about to write "board
exams." Many of the terms explained will be met in your exams. These terms
were excellently explored and a thorough understanding was acquired. The
lecturer and his team structured the course in a way that knowledge was
attained from basics to more complex terms. These terms were then explained
starting from the primary components. Very easy to follow and a pleasure to be
a participant. I encourage many of my colleagues, even those young researchers
to be enrolled. Thank you and may you have a great experience.
Maths is really not my strong point, yet Professor Juan Klopper explains the course content in an uncomplicated and understandable way.  The use of video and reading notes helps set the topic and then cover in more detail. The weekly tests ensure you have understood the topic before moving on.  The tests also explain why the question was right or wrong, again to help understand further.  The whole course made me feel supported and I w and I am certainly better equipped to do a better job. Thankyou Dr Klopper for making it possible for me to finally have a better understanding the statistics in the literature.
This course was such a perfect and well-structured introduction to the statistical analysis that's done in clinical research papers. I appreciated the fact that the instructor also made sure we learned how to search for research articles efficiently, and tasked us with searching for our own examples which helped me in navigating research articles and picking out information even better. I am so happy to state that now I have a better and deeper understanding of the work that goes into a clinical research and now I won't just be skipping to the results section but actually understand the whole article.
This course is really good. It allows you to understand deeply the statistics behind the articles and results we have contact every day when studying. Also, gives you a hability very important nowadays: you become capable of reading articles and analyzing them, formulating you own opinion and judgement of what is being presented. And all of that in a intuitive way, based on science and good methods of statistical analysis. I consider this a fundamental hability, essentially when we are facing a pandemia like we are in this moment.
Superb Course!! A beautifully structured introduction to the statistics needed to understand clinical research. Please be warned that this is not a course devised to learn statistics or how to conduct clinical research. It is exactly what the title suggests, an overview of statistics used in clinical research and how to understand them. Dr.Juan Klopper is a great teacher and his videos are succinct and filled with nuggets of key concepts. I would strongly suggest this course for a deeper understanding of clinical statistics.
This is one of the
best courses I have taken on coursera. This course will really help
one to understand the nuances of clinical research by enabling a
strong understanding of statistical concepts commonly used in this
research. Dr. Juan is a great teacher and he takes you through
different concepts in the clinical research by bringing on examples
from published research articles and also highlights how these
concepts were applied to conclude the results stated in the article. 
Thanks alot Dr. Juan
for this course
Hi I am a clinical Pediatrician, working in a medical college in Nepal. During my undergraduate and postgraduate classes, I have faced many problems in reading the methodology and result sections. But now this wonderful course helped me understand the basic fundamentals of research and choosing appropriate statistical analysis. Now I can easily review the research articles. The mentor Juan H Klopper has been quite simple and has made this course quite easy to understand to all the newcomers in statistics.
This is one of the most interesting courses on biomedical statistics. The course was explained in a beautiful way, very simple and easy. Examples were related to the daily medical field and clinical research. Professor Juan H Klopper is an amazing mentor. I loved everything about this course. Really understanding what is behind statistics without going through the hassle of mathematics that every researcher obviously hates ! I highly recommend this course for everyone who is involved in clinical research.
a very beneficial course for medical researchers, it helped me get familiar with variable concepts of statistics without smothering me with mathematical jargon and mind fuzzing equations, it was simple easy to grasp and health profession-oriented. in this course, you'll have a better understanding of the statistical tools, figure out the right way to use them in analyzing data and getting reliable results. it also offers an explanation of how to interpret the results in a sophisticated way.
i found this course very intuitive in leveraging the basic understanding of statistics and why a particular statistic is applied in clinical. The course is unique providing practical exposure in understanding the topics  like fetching article in pubmed, p-value, need of central limit theorem, hypothesis testing, ANOVA, sensitivity and specificity analysis used by the authors. I am pretty sure i applied this course practically to my student in class and results are encouraging.
A beautifully designed course that improved my ability to orient myself in the results section of biomedical papers. The course covers a lot of material and is focused on giving insights into general principles the what's and why's in statistical analysis. Therefore, I would recommend it to both students and researchers aspired to gain a better understanding of data analysis in medical research. Without correct data interpretation using statistics, it worths almost nothing.
This is one of the best Online Course I have ever joined fully until completion.I absolutely recommend this course to my friends and anyone else in the area of Public Health, Medicine even Veterinary Medicine.There is so much to learn for so little time but Dr Juan is absolutely amazing in his way of handling this course that made it look simple and he has truly made  it so much easier to comprehend. So much better than learning from Statistical textbooks
I found it very useful to have written notes after the explain videos (since English is not my first language, sometimes it is easier for me to understand written things).  Also, I think that the exams were very accurate to test my knowledge since all the questions were applied to practice and not just theory questions. I think that now I definitely have a better understanding of the papers  I read. The most important topics were covered in this course.
A thoughtful organization of theoretical knowledge in reasoned lessons that are masterfully performed by an excellent teacher who leads you through the study of Statistics from a very initial understanding of it until its practical implementation. And the icing on the cake... this knowledge is put into practice also making students compare each other while actually let them grow by increasing their awareness towards themselves and the topic.
Dr. Juan Klopper provided concise information in an engaging manner that enabled me to finally understand clinical research. I appreciate his gentle teaching style, and the overall self-pacing system of this program. Keep on doing the good work, sir. This is one course that I would definitely recommend to my peers, so that they also may develop the same understanding of this crucial subject as Dr. Klopper enabled me to. Thank you.
After completing the course, I've seen a significant difference in understanding of statistics. I used to skip the section of the statistical analysis in every research paper because the names of the test always goes over my head. Now I can confidently correlate the statistical findings with the given data in the research paper. Thank you Dr. Jaun Klopper for all the valuable information. This course is tremendous.
The course is very helpful to those who work in clinical trials but do not have a mathematical background. I am a former biology student, we had a course in biostatistics. Many subjects were similar, but we were never given examples from clinical trials. It was great to have this refresher course and deepen my knowledge in clinical statistics.  I am very grateful to the creators of this course. Thank you!
The course has addressed all the fundamentals and has given me direction and the information I required as a person that is not in the medical field, making it easy for further research.  Some additional numerical examples in the keynotes would have added  great value. The use of actual journal articles added a practical twist to the theory and applications of statistics. I am proud te be South Afriv
This is a great course for workers in the medical field and health sciences, it assumes no prior knowledge in statistics and proceeds with step by step intuitive explanation of concepts with virtually no math. It has great optional practical videos on how to search for papers online and how to do statistical tests using spreadsheets software. It is quite through in scope, recommend it strongly.
This is one of the best courses available on Coursera to understand Statistics. Thanks to Prof. Juan Klopper for this amazing course. The assignments especially were really useful. This is a very engaging course and any learner would definitely stay motivated until the end. I would also like to appreciate the high-quality content and the ease with which it was explained. Thank you so much!
The course highlights the most important concepts on statistics for students beginning in Health research, helping us interpret the data in published papers. We also learn to decide which tests to choose when analyzing our data. As a bonus, we end up curious about how to calculate the statistics - and I've heard when a class gives you more questions than answers, so it's reached its goals.
A wonderfully constructed, practically oriented course! The instruction is lucid, the flow of topics logical and the quizzes helpful for showcasing real-world application of the concepts taught. Would HIGHLY recommend it to all those interested in understanding the logic behind statistical analyses and tests. Thank you for a wonderful course experience Dr. Juan and the entire team!
Hello! It is an amazing course! After I completed it, I firstly repeatedly listen to some lectures on statistics from my previous courses. I really understand them more than earlier. I think that this course is really able to improve your current knowledge and understanding of statistical issues. So, the name of this course is absolutely correct. Thank you, Mr. Juan H. Klopper!
I appreciate good framing of this course. In order to benefit reviewing of the key points of every lessions, the notes of key points are clearly summarized after each video presentation. The medical statistics is very complex for a new learner, I am very grateful to have the chance to join this lesson which perfect balances concise and exhaustive for understanding
Well-paced and easy to understand course on an important topic! I especially liked the way the assignements were done - tests were challenging and contained practical information, and peer review assignments let me try analyzing papers by myself. I would surely recommend the course to anyone interested in developing the knowledge about statistics in healthcare!
I enjoyed a lot this course! I recommend it if you are interested in understand how clinical research works and how statistics are used. I think its for everyone because it is short but very well explained, what makes it really easy to stay motivated. Finally, this course actually made me comprehend those topics that I was struggling with, so im very grateful.
This course is an excellent introduction to statistics in clinical research. Dr. Klopper is clearly passionate about the subject. This is reflected in his engaging video lectures and the high quality of the material presented. I now have a much better understanding of the meaning behind commonly used statistical tests and variables in the medical literature.
An excellent course to achieve a basic understanding of the statistics behind clinical research. This is a foundation course and will not be enough for you to fully grasp everything required to conduct and analyse your own research but it will  serve as a sturdy stepping stone. I very much recommend this to anyone who is starting out in clinical research.
Excellent course on understanding statistical concepts in a clear and precise manner. Thank you Dr. Klopper, you are an excellent tutor. The videos are short and precise, yet the following notes are comprehensive and this was very great because it gave me a chance to follow through the videos without rashing to take notes simultaneously. thanks again.
I think it was a very useful course to get a grasp on what's behind the 'Methods' and 'Statistical Analysis' sections that we read in published papers everyday. It would be even better if another 'advanced' course with similar scope is developed with more examples of real literature studies so the the picture can be even clearer. Thank you!
Excellent Course for the beginners. This course has changed the way I look at statistics from now on. Very precise explanation and Concise reading material. The Spreadsheet activities were so good. Ultimately the case studies and step by step explanation simply made us understand research better. Thank you for conducting this course.
It was an awesome experience. I had already a bit of statistical experience but wasn't confident enough. Now, i can go out there in to the world of Research with full confidence & perform a valid research. Anyone who wan't to dive in to basics of Research & statistics involved with it, this course is a MUST for them. Thanks Sir Juan!
This was a good course to give a basic overview of statistics used in clinical research. Now I have a sense of what exactly is happening under the methods section of articles. However, this is still too basic and to fully grasp research articles, one needs to take a more advanced course. But this is a great stepping stone for that!
Dr. Klopper does a great job teaching these fundamental aspects of clinical research statistics. I particularly appreciated the shortness of the lectures, section quizzes with immediate feedback, notes provided, and flow of information. The course material was easy to follow and study, and I gained a lot from the course. Thank you!
The course was presented with absolute perfection. It has enabled me to 
really understand the statistical elements of clinical research. The 
skills and knowledge attained will enable me to appreciate the 
statistical elements of publication more comprehensively. Thanks to Dr. 
Juan Klopper and the University of cape town team.
Great course content. Well elaborated and easy to understand
even for non-science oriented students. It is an excellent starter for students
wishing to pursue clinical research studies as it presents the important first
steps for research. Thanks to you Dr Juan Klopper, the University of Cape Town,
and the entire Coursera team.
Very organised course and clearly explain the basics of Statistics needed by Medical researchers. It doesn't get very deep in explaining the math behind the tests, however it gets you a good start for understanding the results section in any article you read. Any one who need to start medical research should go by this course.
Excellent course. Much needed start for my journey into the world of biostatistics. A topic I dreaded is now made easy to understand. Dr.Klopper was a class apart. Thank you Dr.Klopper. Classes are well spaced and not saturating at all. Notes are very clear, saves a lot of time and helps us focus better on the video lectures.
This is a well designed course. Learned a lot and enjoyed too. Statistics which I learned with complicated mathematical equations at high school and graduate level, comparing statistics learned this way from clinical research and applied dimension was fun. Thank you Dr. Juan H Klopper for making statistics this easy.
Provided a really good overview of what statistics are appropriate to use for specific research questions and data types, plus went over study design a bit. Broken up into short videos which really made it easy to follow the course material in between my other duties. I have recommended this course to others already.
This course is the one which i enjoyed studying statistics ..the content was truly an eyeopener to beginners for whom the term statistics is like greek and latin. Kudos to the Resource person for the enormous effort in designing  self paced clinical scenarios which made this course learner friendly..Thanks a tonne
I am so glad I started my Coursera experience with Dr. Klopper.  He is such a good teacher, and presents the material so well, that the learning experience was truly a valuable one.  Understanding Clinical Research: Behind the Statistics was my first virtual class; there will be more.  Thank you, Dr. Klopper!
This online course is one of the best I have enrolled so far. I paid for earning a certificate and it is worth the money. Some refreshers for statistics and also enables you to expand your knowledge about clinical trials in general. Highly recommended if you are just starting to learn about clinical research.
An excellent introduction to (or refresher of) statistics that pertain to the clinical setting.  The two peer-reviewed assignments were very valuable and interesting.  My one complaint is that the videos are short, so some lessons are made up of many 2+ minute videos that need to be downloaded separately.
It was an amazing course!! The concepts were very understandable so that a beginner (such as myself) can build a strong foundation about clinical research. I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend it to anyone interested in clinical research (whether they be beginners or experts). Thank you Dr. Klopper!!
One of the best courses I've ever had (including classes at my University)...Starting fro the basics, explaining the difference between numerical, categorical data, discrete and continuous variables, Prof. Klopper gave me a better insight in the subject.I am extremely grateful.   Kind regards,Diana
Close to perfect introduction in statistics. Uses plenty of examples from open-access publications, and the test questions actually require to apply acquired knowledge instead of just repeating it. Only drawback is, that it's a bit too simple, if your interest in the topic is even slightly deeper.
Fantastic course for both medical students and medical professionals alike (and anyone else interested in this field :). Would definitely recommend anyone trying to improve their statistical knowledge. This is a good starting point for anyone planning on conducting their own statistical analyses.
Great course, review all the basics, and bring you from beginner to intermediate +++. I strongly recommend. You may need to investigate some concepts outside of this course from time to time to fully understand but Juan Koppler will give you a guideline to finally understand the biostatistics.
It is by far the best course among the various ones that I have followed in Coursera. The explanations are clear and the examples really helpful. The tests and exercices following each lesson are also extremely useful and allow you to realise whether you have understood the lesson or not.
A THRILL of a course, absolutely very well planned & thought, with a great deal of examples, and great examples to build upon (some real case examples). It REALLY helped me finally comprehend the statistics behind trials. Can`t wait to her about an extension or expansion from Dr Klopper!.
So so good! All concepts explained very clearly and concisely. Questions are very good for applying key concepts and assessing understanding. Practice quizzes are very helpful. Wish I had found this course when I first started Medical school - would've saved me A LOT of sleepless nights.
A fantastic intro to the statistics behind clinical research! I haven't done much of my own research, so I am not really familiar with data analysis yet, but the course gave me a great panorama of the basic key concepts and how to think about results more critically. Totally recommend!
Excelent course for those who want to employ statistics but get confused by theorems and proofs. You will learn habilities like: how to draw experiments, how to calculate statistical significance, how to evaluate statistical models, etc. You'll also learn a lot about medical research.
Fantastic course, probably the best lecturer I have seen, very engaging. Course content ideal in terms of challenging but achievable, the tests required real thought, the videos were broken up into bite sized chunks with excellent complementary notes. Very impressed with this course.
Having no knowledge of the actual types of statistical research, I felt I gained a wealth of knowledge that will help me in my social science research as well.  I believe that this was a great introductory course, however, I do feel as though it is a more advanced beginner's course.
I have taken "Understanding Clinical Research: Behind the Statistics" course and I found this course very useful and easy to follow critical topics of medical research. The instructions and course materials are well organized. I am greatly benefited from the course. Happy learning!
A very complete course, helped me to have a good foundation in research and statistics, the best online course I have ever taken. It helped me a lot that it is oriented to the health sciences. An excellent professor. It will help me a lot in my daily practice as a medical student.
A  highly recommended course for colleagues as a refresher of basic statistical concepts and introduction of advanced statistical tools.Dr Juan  is a very nice, decent teacher who delivers course in a very effiecient way with less time consumption. Big thanks to Dr Juan and team.
It's a really nice course, it helped me a lot to be more confident about what i'm seeing when reading a study. It will help you with different doubts: p value, parametric and non parametric test (ANOVA, T TEST, Chi SQAURE...) and specificity and sensivility with diagnosis tests
Thank you very much Juan, for your time and dedication! You really inspired me to take the path to research in the medical field! I never have had such a high standard course in clinical research! Thanks very much, I feel proud to have had the chance to be one of your students.
Great refresher's course for those who took Biostat in college or in graduate school and a valuable  backgrounder course for those who did not. It helps you navigate the Statistical section of the medical journals while assist you in appreciating the meaning behind the data.
A very systematic course that starts with you from the scratch of types of studies and types of data, and going with you to reach comprehensive understanding of the difficult values and parameters as P-value, confidence interval, odds ratio & types of statistical tests.
This course offers a simplified way of understanding the complexities of searching free full-text pubmed articles, study designs, sampling methods, statistical analysis and interpretation of scientific research. I highly recommend it to any clinical research beginner.
I am so glad I chose this course! It is presented really well and Dr Klopper makes these concepts easy to understand and remember. I have a much better understanding of statistical analysis now and I am looking forward to applying it to the medical literature I read.
I could see that this course will help me with better understanding of statistical parts in clinical research protocols. I always wondered all the statistical terms such as p-value and confidential intervals and this course lead me to find the answers to my wonders.
This is an excellent course if you are involved in research work or simply want to understand medical literature better. The concepts are presented in a very simple and easy to understand manner with appropriate examples. Thank you Dr Juan for your excellent effort.
Really great course to let go of the fear of statistical language. Gives you the necessary tools to adequately understand research papers and the data behind them. Plus gives you a good quick refresh on all research terminology. Understanding statistics made easy.
Excellent course, very well explained and tested the individual appropriately. Covered many topics and although not deeply, it allowed you to understand the basics that will allow you to understand what you are reading and will help you to go further on your path.
Great Instructor! Excellent content and format. This course helped to put all the different pieces together to develop a practical/'intuitive' understanding, (as Juan would say :)) Excel/spreadsheet tricks came as bonus! Thank you Coursera for this great offering
Excellent course! I will
recommend it as a MUST to medical advisors and medical liaison officers in
pharmaceutical company I am currently working. Very simple and useful
explanation of statistics concepts. Extremely useful. Thank you very much for
this course.
Thank you for this wonderful course! After completing this course, I feel so much more confident reading the Statistical Analysis section in a paper. I really liked the systematic manner in which the concepts were introduced throughout the course. Thank you!!
A great and very easy to understand course. It gives you an idea of commonly used statistical analysis, but without going too deep into the math. Great if you are tired of reading articles and not understanding what a p-value or a paired t-test is. thumps up!
This was a great course. It is an ideal course for beginners to get familiar with the concepts of research methodology. The quizzes are helpful for rating our own understanding of the chapter. In a nutshell, it lays a foundation of research for the students.
Very easy pace of learning things related with clinical research. The concepts are very well explained, and if you are not an statistician, this course is gonna help you a lot. Thanks to the Dr. Juan Klopper for doing this couse. I higly recomend this couse.
It is an excellent course and opportunity to learn about statistics and its applications in the medical research. The concepts are well explained and easy to understand. I express my heartfelt gratitude to the Coursera community and University of Cape Town.
This was an excellent experience, refreshing all the information, updating for few unclear things , better understanding of the basics ....... Fast, easy to focus and well explained .......I enjoyed every moment of the course, thanks for all the efforts
A very exceptional course that teaches you so much about clinical research, and I think it's a must for every medical student, who wants to become and evidence-based physician as all the 21st century novel physicians should be, and not just researchers.
it was always stressful moment for me when i come cross with reading any article or research data results . but after taking this course it relay made it clear understandable. = the skim for understanding the statistics. thank you very much Dr Klopper.
Excellent.  I would love to have had some of the final test answers explained in some way so I could understand why I got a couple wrong.  Either way it was an excellent course, excellent Instructor and appropriate material for basic level statistics.
The course has been immensely helpful! As claimed in the introduction, it really helped me build an intuitive understanding of statistics. Concepts that seemed boring or confusing, were presented in a very simplified, easy to learn form.  Great work!
Excellent course. Really helped me to have a better understanding of research, what the different tests actually mean and when to properly apply them.  Most clear explanation of basic statistical concepts I have heard. Would highly recommend course.
This course was an exceptional tool to really understand the rationale of clinical research appart from the science that is on it. I learned so many things that are helpful to understand what really means what is written in a paper/science article.
Really enjoyed the course, provided me with a solid understanding of the basics of stats used in biological research. The examples used were relatable, and the material was quite in-depth. Would definitely take another course given by Dr. Klopper.
Dr. Klopper is a great instructor.  He broke complex mathematical concepts down into a simple language without diving into the calculation and equation details.  Highly recommend if you just want to understand the stats cited in medical research.
Excellent course with clear and concise lectures by Dr Juan Klopper and useful notes.  It really helps me to read research papers now with more confidence without really going into the mathematical theories of the statistic.  Highly recommended.
It is indeed a great online course. Dr.Juan(and his team) have explained medical research and the statistics behind it very clearly and succinctly. The case studies as well as the concept of the the peer reviews and assignments is very good too.
I am so thankful and appreciative for the course!!! Sometimes topics were on the quiz that had not been covered yet which was confusing at times, but an overall excellent course.  I would love to see "hazards ratios covered as well.  Thank you!
If you're interested in clinical research or just wanting to grasp the 
basics of Evidence-Based Medicine, this course is definitely for you. 
Dr. Klopper's lessons are clear and understandable, yet rich of useful 
concepts. Highly recommended!
This is an excellent course with the right level of detail for understanding what the statistical tests indicate and when they should and should not be used. I liked the written notes that followed the video lectures to reinforce the material.
This course was a great review of statistics I learned years ago during my undergraduate degree. The lecture videos were interesting, and the use of examples from research studies made the course all the more relevant to me and my job. Thanks!
The course provides a easy-to-follow learning track to understanding basic research methodology, clinical research and statistics. Completion of the course is mandatory to perform an clinical research internship at our institution, www.zmc.mk
Great course. I enjoyed taking it and the instructor really explained complex concepts with elegance. He makes everything very easy to understand by providing step-bystep reasoning and appropriate examples. Thanks also to the amazing mentors.
Great course-really helps to gain insight into all the statistical info when reading the literature. This course has been particularly good in terms of understanding study results and how I can apply research findings to my clinical practice.
I learned a whole bunch! i feel like i can do a complete research with the knowledge i gained. Thank you Dr. Koppler! I promise i will put all of your teachings to good use and maybe the next research to appear on the course will be mine!!!
Very clear and useful content. The course is well organized and the lessons have applicabel concepts. I think it is a good course to beginners, so students can realize if this is one path to follow, in order to get professional new skills.
Just an excellent refresher in biostatistics that put many things into perspective. I'll be looking more keenly  and with a more critical eye at research papers and now I have more ammunition for doing my own research and writing papers.
Probably, one of the best courses to start dealing with medical statystics. If you're interested in evidance-based medicine and want to improve your knowledges and start reading medical articles properly - this is exectly what you need!
Appreciate Dr Koppler and team that provided this course! As a dummy for statistics this is course really  great and helpful. It starts from explaining the basics of research and slowly zoom into the statistics part. Love this course!
I highly recomended this course, the explanations and the material are so clear. This a good way to understand the basic topic of stadistical aspect in clinical research if you don´t have a great knowledge of the mathematics aspects.
It was well organized and learnt the basics of the statistics used in medical literature. Case study was very informative and gives a overview of all that was discussed. The excel spreadsheet demo was very useful and informative.
Great introductory course with concise descriptions on commonly used statistical tests. Allows students to gain comprehensive foundational understanding of both research methodology and statistical tests used for data analysis.
This is one of the best courses on the clinical statistics for biomedical researchers. After this, you will be way more confident in the statistics behind your research and in the material and methods section of a publication.
Excellent course and Excellent coaching by Dr. Juan H Klopper.  I am a Chartered Accountant.  I had put in additional efforts, by repeating some of the lessons and got certified today 23rd May 20.  Thank you very much Doctor
For people who cannot know where to start learning basic statistics, it is a great course! it definitely gave me a comprehensive overview and I think that I'm not going to skip the chapters on methods and statistics anymore.
Very easy to follow and instructive teaching. I have a much better understanding of the statistical analyses being performed (as well as their underlying assumptions and limitations) in clinical research. Thank you so much!
A thoroughly enjoyable course that explains fundamental statistical concepts in an accessible, common-sense way, illustrated by examples from medical research literature. If you're intimidated by statistics, Dr Juan can hel
It gives me a greater pleasure to attend this valuable ,concise and easy understanded course and I would like to thank everyone contribute to make this work came to the light  special thanks to Dr.Juan Klopper best regards
After this course, you'll understand the basic knowledge, common statistic methods and which one to use for different data types. Note that the detailed math calculations behind the methods are NOT the aim for this course.
This was a a great course that started from basic Information to more In depth Information throughout the class.  I learned quite a a bit and have already been using this knowledge to help me understand different studies.
An excellent course as a foundation to understand statistics and the data behind clinical research. Very clear and interesting lectures from Dr Klopper. The quizzes keep you on track and reinforce learning. A well struct
I thoroughly enjoyed this course . The material is very informative, easy to understand and I really liked the analogies and the images along the way. Juan really makes the content exciting and I'm eager to learn more.
It was very well laid out and easy to follow. It helped me to understand medical journals tht I have read and reading. It also helps me to be more aware of the right analyses to perform and better way to present data
This is an excellent course on the foundations of bio-statistics. Very intuitive understanding on statistical tests and their interpretation. Reading exercises and case studies are very good. I totally recommend it.
An excellent course to understand the concepts behind the statistics! It is really well worth completing it if, like me, you just wrote learned stats in undergrad but now you need a more intuitive understanding :-)
This is a great course to understand the statistics behind all those trials that we read. I highly recommend it for everyone who wants to understand more about how to understand the "Results" section from journals.
Great course for getting a rudimentary understanding of some of the more common bio-statistical methods. Even though lite on math, it does challenge to to have a comprehensive understanding of the concept covered.
The most comprehensive course about Clinical research I've ever learnt. By going through many practical examples with limited mathematics involved, the course will help learners understand more. Highly recommend!
I absolutely loved the course and the way Dr. Klopper simplified the most complex statistical concepts. It's brilliant! I can read papers and analyze data with more clarity now.  I highly recommend this course.
It's a great course that gives a deep understanding on statistical values on research. Great course to checkout for people starting their own research and also for those who want to understand research papers.
its very useful test. Information id presented in a very simple and lucid way , easy to grasp and remember. The notes provided are very useful. Thanks Dr.Juan H Klopper. you were very helpful. Allah Bless you
Fantastic course. Gave me a much better understanding of trial methodology and the underlying statistics. The lectures are well paced and interesting. The assessments and quizzes help to underpin the course.
The course is easy to understand and well-organized. It really helpful for a student who has no public health background to get the capability to interpret the statistical method in the clinical literature.
Straightforward, concise, and thorough, this class helps provide good overview if you need a refresher on statistics. They do a great job in reminding the importance of the tests, and why each test is used
Its a great course. it really helps health care individuals to get a basic understanding of statistics and further build on that for advance courses. it has helped me alot. its simple and understandable.
thank you ,for this course ,it was so difficult to me but i have much more understanding now about  the statistical principles needed in any study,and for me that was very important for my next PHD study
Very concise, clear explanations. Practical examples without complicating it too much with matemathics.Explicaciones claras y muy concisas. Ejemplos prácticos sin complicarlos demasiado con matemáticas.
On the one hand, ppl loving no math can really appreciate it (as there's nearly no math at all), on the other hand, some math behind certain topics wouldn't be out of place - for a deeper understanding.
I am happy about what I learned in this course because now I am able to understand the basic concepts of statistics, and I can read and interpret statistical information given in the research papers.
By far one of the best possible basic statistics course out there. Juan made everything extremely easy to understand and the course is a true delight to the point I've finished it way ahead of time.
excellent course!! It really explained all the fundamental knowledge of statistics that we need in the medical field in an analytical way making it very easy, memorable and actually enjoyable!
Very helpful with the basics, I didn't have any idea about statistics and now I'm aware of a whole lot of tests used in the research processes. Would totally recommend this as a first go.
A very good and wide introduction to the most important concepts of statistics. Intuitive explanations and a thorough research of examples to guide us in a better understanding. Great !!!
This course was perfectly designed for beginners and it was even good for advanced students. The tests gave very good case studies and it was a verg good experience. Really to recommend.
One of the best courses! I managed to understand how research and statistics work. I love the articles and documents they provided: full of information but easy to understand. Loved it!
What of a nice experience, to learn important principles of statistic at home. A well organized and structured on line programm. i really enjoyed it, thanks Mr Klopper, thanks coursera.
it  was really useful for me, now I can read any research article and understand it very well. and also I can mad e my own research in the future by avoiding mistakes that might happen.
Excellent course . Well structured. Highly recommended refresher to research methodology. Relevant to my practice. And well taught. Can be completed in less than 6 weeks which is great.
The course is very relevant for students interested in gaining knowledge on inferential statistics. Its quite comprehensive and there's use of relevant examples. Presentation is great.
Prior to this course I had little introduction to the clinical trials domain. Found this course to be extremely helpful in my learning. Thanks for the design and content of the course.
I learned a lot and enjoyed every bit of the course. Assignment and quizzes are awesome. I recommend this course to every one interested and taking clinical research as their career.
Thank you very much. This course helped me to understand the essence of medical biostatistics without diving in the complexity of mathematics. It was an enjoyable and helpful course.
Great course! Easy, clear and effective in explaining the statistical basis of clinical research! Very useful for anyone who wants to gain insight in the process of clinical research
An amazing course very helpful to understand the statistics in clinical research. The way of modules adjustments like keynotes after each lesson was very helpful. Thank you so much.
This course was excellent! It made very easy to intuitively understand the basics of statistics used for clinical research. Perfect pace and very good examples. Highly recommended
I enjoyed the summaries and extra notes, very informative for a person who is starting a journey in research and statistics 🎊🙌🏾🎉💃🏾. I am happy to have completed the course.
One of the best for understanding clinical research .Highly recommended for all healthcare graduates,postgraduates and post doctoralresearchers..Great work By Dr.Juan Klopper....
Thank you for your course , statistics part was new for me, and I will try to take more courses on medical science for medical librarians, secondly, how can I get a certificate ?
This   course helps to understand scientific literature in short term with both  video and written lectures series. this course will help Health care professional in great way.
This course was amazing. It was very easy to follow with both the verbal and written content. I would strongly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in research.
Was a very helpful and interesting course with so much important information about statistics from the clinical view. I'm very grateful for taking it and I hope you'll do so.
It was very helpful course,with lot of things to learn and are require to know under clinical research field. Thanks to coursera and Juan Klopper Sir for the valuable course
this course really gives more insight into understanding and appreciating the results of a clinical research and to choose correctly the statistics for a given research work
Good content and very simplified explanation of various statistical tests used in clinical research.Quiz and peer review exercises are very helpful. Thank you very much!
Thank you for offering the awesome course! Now, I  can understand a clinical journal quite easily, logically as this course helps me to build good background knowledge.
This has been a good experience. All statistics I have taken prior to this one did not make any sense, because they were not as intuitive as this one! Highly recommend!
I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to understand medical research papers. The concepts are presently clearly and I wish I had taken this course years ago!
Excellent initial approach to Statistics in clinical research, it explains the basics and that lets you build a comprehensive understanding of this beautiful science.
I was never so intuitive about statistics, thanks to Sir, he explained statistics so amazingly with prefect blend of clinical research. Happy that I took this course.
I learned a lot about statistics without doing any maths :) The course is a good introduction to stats and I feel more confident reading clinical researchs papers now
A concise and clear guide through medical statistics. I would recommend this course to everyone who wants to/has anything to do with reading/ writing science papers!
really insightful course and provides a strong (and fairly easy) understanding of statistical analysis and research methods.This course is really highly recommended.
This course helped me have a better understanding of clinical research and the statistics behind it. It is very helpful if you are starting in the field of research.
It was really a good opportunity to learn about this course. I am more fit in statistics and my CV is better and allows me to apply for clinical investigations jobs
the course is very articulative, all rounded and very understandable. it gave me insight in clinical research and i would definitely do a similar course in future.
It is very informative and explained in a detailed way. Thanks to Dr. Juan Klopper..Looking forward more courses from you in relation to Bio-statistics and Ethics.
Wonderfull course to understand the basics of clinical research in the light of biostatistics. I thoroughly enjoyed it and recommend highly to anybody interested.
Thanks, Dr. Klopper for this great course. I have learned a lot. If anyone is willing to learn biostatistics this course is the recommended first step for sure.
Astounding Course From Dr Juan and team, it made me understand about parametric non parametric and basic concept . Respect to all the team who made this course
Excellent course. Concise and to the point. Easy to understand. Made things very much easier for me. I am now well equipped to start work on my thesis project.
Dr Klopper should consider starting an online journal club! His teaching style is simple, practical and easy to understand. Definitely worth taking the course
This course was well organized and I really enjoyed studying it. Prof. Juan easily explained some of the concepts of statistics that I use to find difficult.
Excellent course to understanding medical statistics. Don't even think twice to start the course if you are looking to improve your knowledge on the subject.
A very helpful insight into this area, well structured sessions and assessment has left me with greater knowledge and have recommended this course to others.
It is an excellent course that really helps you to understand modern clinical research and statistical methods, sophisticated concepts are explained clearly
it is the best course to learn about clinical research behind the statistics and how internet allows to learn  online without going anywhere from your home?
This was a fantastic course that, I believe, should be widely used by medical schools in North America to replace their own statistics curricula. Thank you!
I found the course to be really good for beginners. It was well explained, with examples and teaching how to use statistics (excel). I really recommend it!
This Course is Excellent. Dr Juan Klopper have  structured and explained the course in very systematic manner with simplicity. Thank you Dr Juan Klopper !
Thank you very much. It is one of the most brilliant courses I have ever taken. It shows how passionate Mr. Klopper is about mathematics, just like I am!
Very clearly explained course content, easy to understand and relevant to clinical inclined people who does not like complicated mathematics calculation.
Amazing, concise and tailored for all clinicians/health care professionals. If you love research, it will get you hooked in no time. Highly recommended!
Good to study when you are first starting to learn about clinical research. More learning required when you are trying to start a research on your own.
It was very good, simple and easy to understand. I thank Dr. Juan Klopper for making it easy without compromising the importance of the topic. Cheers !
I truly enjoyed taking this course. I have gained a better understanding of the different statistics test and their applications. Highly recommend it!
A very comprehensive, thorough and complete course for statistics in the context of clinical research.Love the passion and teaching of the instructor.
This course enabled me to understand the key aspects of different forms of researches and methodologies with interesting examples. Thanks coursera.
i enjoyed  the course. It gave  me a good understanding of the statistics and basic of clinical research and theunderstanding of the various term.
Very useful course. It gives you the basic skills to understand the scientific and statistical methods of clinical research with a light workload
Excellent content and didactic strategies. This course has helped me increase my knowledge and understanding of statistics in clinical research.
Really an excellent course. Well presented. Easy to follow, making it easy to understand the fundamentals behind statistics in medical research.
Excellent course. Gives all that is needed in order to practically understand and criticize every piece of scientific paper in clinical context.
Engaging and easy to follow course which has significantly improved my ability to understand statistics and the results in medical literature.
Great course!Clinical Mathematics like P values were so evident in this course. Really,  it opened up my mind in reading the research articles
If you scratch your head or your eyes glaze over when reading the Methods and Results of biomedical journal articles, enroll in this course.
This course has helped me get deeper insights into the basic concepts of statistics. The instructor has explained everything well and clear.
Excellent course.The course gave me a new vision and understanding of biostatistics. Awesome. Professior Klopper is very good. I recommend!
I highly recommend it to anyone who is interested in clinical research and wants to understand how statistics is used in clinical research.
Excellent work by the professor.I was always bored of maths and statistics but in this course everything was simplyfied and explained. 5/5
Really Useful for a research person. Its been made so simple for easy understanding of the chapters with picture and links related to it.
Clear to understand by step by step manners. Great video and the lecture.Really helps me understand the clinical research from the basic.
An Excellent course, a very thorough breakdown of Clinical research. I am now better equipped and more knowledgeable in the subject area.
Excellent course. Presently, I am working as an Assistant Professor of Pediatrics. But, it cleared some of the concepts as never before.
Well-organized topics, clear explanations, illustrative examples.  Ideal for anyone who wants to understand the basics of biostatistics
Perfect Course for Understanding Basics in Clinical Research but also to understand the Statistics mentioned in those journal articles!
Great course which provides a deep and intuitive understanding of clinical research and its methodology without doing any mathematics.
Most memorable and enjoyable course of my life. Worth to spend time on the course. Helpful in log-run. Brilliant teaching by Dr. Juan
It's amazing and very very helpful! I'll definately recommend this to my colleagues, classmates or those who just entered this field.
It is a very simplified introduction to the basics of statistics. I enjoyed going through. I understood how to interpret an article.
I loved it, easy to read, great lessons and readings, everything has a perfect timeline in order you can learn this course properly!
This course is good for me, there is not a lot of mathematical analysis but we will want how to do statistics in clinical research.
I really enjoyed this course and learned a lot! It is a good reference when you are starting something in research and statistics
Very clear and in small steps, perfect for a beginner in clinical research! Just the right amount of video lectures and readings.
This course thoroughly reviews the basic concepts of statistics that are required to understand the medical articles and studies.
Really love this module, it is very challenging and engaging, I feel that I have definitely learnt a lot from taking this course.
It is an excellent course. It is easy to understand and, in truth, generates valuable and applicable knowledge in daily practice.
Great course. Very useful as it has translated to me running a cohort study in a major private hospital in Queensland, Australia.
One of the best MOOC. Great way to learn about statistics in research without being too involved in mathematical side of things.
Very comprehensive and systematic course for health care professionals who work with clinical trials and the related statistics.
It was a very helpful course, now I know which method I will use in my clinical research and also how to read others.Thank a lot
This is the 1st course I ever tried on coursera and its amazing.  Really helpful for preparing my dessetion and thesis ... :)
Thank you for providing the course. it was really helpful for me as a clinical study manager for post marketing surveillance.
Interesting and easy to follow-up. This course gives me a better understanding of how to read articles. Thank you, teacher!
i enjoyed every moment and didn't feel any effort acquiring this huge amount of information and skills, thank juan klopper.
An excellent course! I would recommend it to anyone interested in statistics or who needs to communicate with statisticians
Such an excellent course. I thank the course instructor Dr.Juan Klopper for making this topic so simple and interesting.
Excellent introduction (or refresher) to statistics for the non-statistician! Dr. Koppler is a very compelling speaker!
It is Very simple and useful. I recommend people who want to understand clinical  research to begins with this course .
Totally comprehensible and a most interesting course even for people not involved in the medical profession. Thank you!
Great course. Entertaining, easy to understand, with good examples and quizzes to help you strengthen your knowledge.
Excellent Course! Really very easy to understand the content thoughout the course. Hats off to Sir. Juan H Klopper .
Very comprehensive review of clinical research statistics. Was a very good complement to my medical school training.
Simple, clear, not time consuming, direct to the point, if you are looking for an insight into clinical statistics!
Excelent course, the professor has a gift in explaining complicated things and making look easy. I'm very pleased.
Excellent course! I've learnt so much and I feel much more confident when reading scientific papers. Thanks a lot!
Great course, well run, learned a lot and at a good pace! I managed to do this whilst revising for my final exams!
Excellent course if you want to understand by a didactic way the biostatistics behind the papers. Thank you Juan!
A great introduction to understanding research and it is gonna provide you a good foundation in clinical studies
Great course to begin learning about statistics, specially useful to all of us who work in a medical environment
I highly recommend this course for anyone who want to understand the statics of medical research in simple way.
Thank you very much, the course was very comprehensive and beneficial. I really enjoyed it very much. Thank you
This course was a pleasure to take! Thank you Dr. Klopper for all of your efforts, it is very much appreciated!
Excellent course to get learn how to interpret studies and select the appropriate tests for your own research!
Very complete, it shows everything about terms in medical research, the examples with exel are the best thing
I found this is the best course ever, I am going through. Professor Jaun Klopper is my new favourite Teacher
It is very helpful flexible online course that i would recommend to anyone interested in clinical research.
This is an excellent course, the Dr Koppler gave us the very powerful piece of information of each subject.
This course should be taken by all medical graduates and post graduates. Excellent explanations by Dr Juan
i would like to thank you  for your effort .it really priceless information. and the course well organized
Excellent course! Really helped me to understand the basics behind statistics involved in clinical trials!
It is such a great course that provide a complete comprehension of clinical researches and their analysis!
Excellent refresher course for clinicians. Gives a comprehensive look at the statistics and what it means
VERY INFORMATIVE AND EXPLAINED IN SIMPLE WAYS TO UNDERSTAND  BIOSTAT.  BEST COURSE FOR BEGINNERS LIKE ME.
excellent description. Dr Juan is amazing and making confusing subjects easy to understand. thank you!
Great course! All lessons are very well explained and the material is directly applicable in practice.
Professor Klopper has been an excellent teacher. The concepts are now well dug in. Thank you so much.
Excelent course, it helps u get all u need to understand from basics to specialized papers.Thx, Juan!
This is nicely designed course for all who want to know the statistics behind the clinical research.
The concepts are explained systematically, improving the understanding thereof. Enjoyed this course.
Thank you Dr Koppler! It is a great course for understandig better statistics and get new knowledge
It is really a great course, It's helped me a lot. I totally recommend this course to my colleagues
It filled some of the voids i had in regards of statistics, recommended for any psychology student.
Simplified outline course, short videos that target the main questioned point ! Highly recommended.
The instructor engages really well and helps to understand complex terms in an easy way. Thank you.
the course is nicely structured both as an introduction and the summary. I absolutely enjoyed it!
Thanks to the team for putting together this course. Dr. Klopper to was excellent in the delivery
Very useful course for healthcare researches..Also well organizedMany thanks for the conductors!!
Statistics in an informative and simplified form. Good job. Hope to keep learning from coursera.
Really enjoyed learning about clinical statistics from a reputable doctor! Thank you Dr Klopper!
Good descriptive course for a better understanding of the statistics behind a clinical research.
Great course to understand statistical concepts! Very straightforward and concise explanations.
nice course, easy to understand, especially the video parts excellent in term of point by point
My understanding of the results published in the journals has improved, thank you Dr. Klopper.
It is definitely a one of the best course for understanding use of statistics in the research.
Excellent for those looking for a basic understanding of clinical research design and results.
Excellent course and instructor. It covered the basics and related them to real life research.
Very good course, great videos, short and objective. Enormous number of concepts made simple.
very simple, easy and informative. really helped me with the concepts i was struggling with.
Thank you for this perfect course! It was very helpful for understanding papers in research.
it was really helpful but missing some graphic illustration to be more clear for the learner
Clear concise presentation of the most relevant topics, structure was flexible but rigorous.
Great course organization and pace. I predict I will come back often to review the content.
This course provides all of basic knowledge for the best understanding of medical research.
Great course.  A good review of material I learned back in University a couple of year ago.
This course is really helpful for my understanding oin clinical research and paper writing
This is the first statistics course I could keep up with and understand.  It is enjoyable.
Great course! Easy to follow, gives you basic understandings about statistics in medicine.
I learned alot from this course, it is extremely beneficial gor healthcare professionals
Very informative and extremely useful .Really enjoyed the course and highly recommend it
starts you from basic and gives you a good understanding about the deeper aspectsthanks
Excellent course to start understanding the core basics of research in clinical set up
A very useful Course with practical insight into clinical research and bio-statistics.
Useful course for clinicians in order to read medical research papers more critically.
Excellent introduction to understanding clinical research and inferential statistics.
It was a very good course. Helps you to understand the basics in clinical research.
Very well structured and informative! I learnt so much and the instructor is great.
Excellent lectures and written materials.  Thanks so much for creating this course!
Excellent course! Our instructor was one of the best that I have had!  Thank you!!!
very good course for understanding the basics of statistical analysis for research
Indeed a very interesting course. Well designed and explained by Dr. Juan Klopper.
Awesome course. Covers many topics that are in my opinion essential for clinicians
Nice course to better understand the statistics behind the clinical trial reports
so far enjoying the course in the way it is trying to make statistics accessible.
I have learnt a lot! more then I expect. People who created it made a great job!
A good introduction with couple nice examples on statistics in medical article.
Excelent course ¡¡. Very clear explications- Personally I think I learned a lot
excellent course Dr Klopper has taught very well and i recommend this course to
very good course. It really helps you understand the fundamental of statistics.
Better than expected; very comprehensive course on understanding the statistics
I really enjoyed the lectures. The instructor explained the topics really well.
It is an excellent course to give you the basic concepts in healthcare quality.
Neat and best course. Thanks for the faculty for teaching in really a good way
A concise and easily understable course for all intending clinical researcher.
It's avery intresting and significant course and l benefit from it very much.
Interesting Course, that explains a big amount of material with simple words.
Very good course on clinical statistics, very simple presentation of the data
this course is everything you need to launch your path into clinical research
Excellent course! Provided me with an intuitive understanding of statistics.
wonderful lecture series, conscise and straight to the point for clinicians.
very good start to understand basics of clinical research and its statistics
best course for fifth year pharm d graduates. use full for our project work
Amazing course! I have learnt a lot from this course. Thank you, Professor.
Thank you very much for this course. I have learned a lot from this course.
It is a great course. Teacher is very clear and good examples and exercices
Good basic overview of the concepts behind statistics. Enjoyed this course.
This course helps me to understand the essence of statistics thoroughly.
Excellent introduction, takes away the fear of all these names of tests.
i learnt a lot about research and the basics needed in my field of study
clear and well-organized. It is ideal as a first approach to statistics
The author really gave the best out of the best. He has opened my mind
Great course. Concepts explained clearly and simply for me a beginner.
Excellent course. Clear and concise presentations. Highly recommended.
Excellent course material, the explications were simple but on point.
Great lectures that covered content in a precise manner. Thanks Juan!
v informative Course especially fir those who are from medical field
It is really a wonderful course. I learned biostatistics very well.
Amazingly good lectures, easy to understand and thorough. thank you
A very good introductory course on statistics in clinical research!
Very informational, exactly what I was looking for when I enrolled.
A wonderful course with a great instructor. I highly recommend it.
It's really good to get the basement in reading clinical research.
a very useful and insightful course.really helpful for beginners.
Thank you for this course. The knowledge learned was invaluable.
Excellent course media, downloads and interaction with lecturer.
an excellent course, very clear and easy to understand! thanks!!
Awesome Course.. Best course in Coursera for Clinical Research.
A minefield of knowledge, but very interesting and empowering.
Excellent course, it explains everything on Clinical Research,
Excellent introductory course to clinical research. Thank you!
Great lecturer, excellent material. Highly recommended course
This is very nice course, easily to understand and applicable
Great course. Would plan on taking more courses in the future
good for learning the basic statistics in clinical research.
One of the best courses i've ever done! I really enjoyed it.
Very good course to understand medical research literatures
Great course, lovely teacher. Very good explanatory videos.
Great course. I recommend any medical personnel to take it.
I could understand about statistics study more than before.
Very interesting course. Easy to follow. Nice assignments.
Excellent course to understand the basics of biostatistics
Excellent course. Instructor is fantastic. Thank you sir.
Highly engaging content exceeded expectations, thank you!
very simplified beginner course on biostatistics concepts
Very Good, giving all necessary Basics of Bio-statistics
Great course for everybody who wants to learn the stuff.
This course is a really friendly approach to statistics.
Good video classes, good written/complementary material.
great experience i got it through this course thank you
Very logical and clear approach. Brilliantly explained.
excellent and flexible way to obtain helpfull knowledge
Excellent course! Thank you very much Dr. Klopper. A++.
Instructor Juan H Klopper, he is so good in explaining
excellent for basic understanding of clinical research
Very helpful to understand basics. Highly recommended!
Interesting course, do try it out. Stats made easy yh!
Excellent course on basics of clinical statististics.
Very simple yet comprehensive and useful courseThanks
I have been looking for a course like this for years.
Excellent course, and I mean it! Highly recommended!
Very well explained the quantitative research method
Brilliant. Should be compulsory for all registrars.
Excellent course, congratulations to the whole team
amazing course. Recommend it to everyone out there!
amazing!! Very good course. Everyone should do it.
Great introductions to the use of basic statistics
Wonderful! I really enjoyed it and learned so much
A great course design and very easy to understand
Excellent course, very well explained! Thank you!
excellent course. definately worth the time spent
A very fine course ,clear and concise.well done .
A great , informative course  easy to understand
It was nice course. I have learnt a lot from it.
amazing course for all levels of data knowledge
This is a great course! I really recommend it!!
Excellent content delivered by a talented tutor
Nice course. Like the summary after each video.
excellent course designated to clinician worker
very useful and systematically designed course.
A very useful course. I do highly recommend it
the best simple online course in this category
I do enjoyed the course, thank you very much!
The course is very good, and I learned a lot.
Excellent course, bio statistics simplified!
Wonderful, easy, basic course to start with.
Really good. Worth the time invested double.
Excellent overview of statistical meanings.
Best course of statistics and data analysis
Excellent course to know about statistics..
I'm so glad to complete that great course ♥
pleasant understandable steps to start ebm
Very nicely explained with good key notes.
Perfectly helpful videos and explanations.
Amazing course by an amazing instructor!
simple and good guide to follow through
It was very simple and helpful course .
I enjoyed and learned at the same time.
Congratulations!!! It's a great course.
Good, Easy to understand and interpret.
Is a great course, easy to understand!!
very helpfull to understand statistics
Well described and easy to understand.
Very clear and understand material.Tks
It was grate course for me. Thank you
very useful course on basic research
Excellent introduction in statistics
one of the best courses i have done
Great info and entertaining course!
I really liked it, learned a lot.:)
Really understandable, I loved it
Thank you for this amazing course
Well organized and great teaching
Very well discussed and thorough.
A very good and effective course.
its a great course for students.
Amazing, I totally recommend it!
Very well designed and Explained
very good and informative basics
i really loved like that course.
very systematic and knowlegable
Very interesting and practical.
Wow, this course is amazing!!
Enjoyed learning the course.
Excellent, highly recommend
It was an excellent course!
This course is excellent!!!
Very interesting lectures
Perfect for beginners! :)
Awesomely designed Corse
Simple but comprehensive
Very recomended course
excellent one really
highly recommended.
Good enough for me!
Hard but rewarding!
i love this vcourse
very good, Thanks
Short and sweet.
Worth the money.
Great & helpful
