Content is not specific to engineering project management.  Lectures are slow and cover only the most superficial level of PMBOK material, not enough for test prep and not useful if you have already taken the test. Furthermore, I finished the material but there were no assignments to grade, and was told that I had to keep paying for the course until there were assignments for me to grade.  Absolute waste of time. There are much better courses out there for a lot less money.
Course is good. However, certificate mentioned with 'non-credit course' makes confusion. Such words should not be included on certificate, rather such info (credit, non-credit etc.) should be on back end. Just issue simple certificate that online course including assignments and exam is successfully completed by Mr. X which is offered by RICE University USA on Coursera. It does not make any sense to write that the course is credit, non-credit etc. I am not happy with certificate issued.
Same old PMI stuff.
Not the most engaging course and not structured as well as I had hoped. Some explanations are unsatisfactory and require extra reading outside of the course material. In general I think the course content can be learned from reading the recommended texts alone, although the case study provided is a good way to elicit user input and to practice some of the techniques. Overall I would say it is not a waste of time, but also not great value for time and money.
Information is useful, but assignments are all busywork.  You should probably audit this course or just buy and read the textbook.
There are little things you can use in real life... too theoric
The content is relevant, but the delivery is conventional, frontal, and at times not careful. The quiz tests are often too trivial to be a useful exercise. Grading by peers is an interesting idea, but unfortunately it does not happen in timely fashion.
Interesting course for project management newbies, but it could be improved with some real life examples to accompany the theory. I liked the format of the video and the presentation style, although the visuals are more distracting and not adding to the experience. Presenters are well articulated and easy to follow. Big thumbs up for the transcripts and subtitles!On the downside, I'm not particularly impressed by the peer review system. Who are my peers? People like me,  who don't really know much about this topic in the first place? How relevant is their grading/feedback? Also, the grading system is fundamentally flawed, in my opinion, as it's focused on the format, and not the content. More than once I found errors in the content, but because it was filled out per the rubrik, I had to give it points.
This course nicely explains the concepts applied in project management. It however gives few concrete examples and remains  'theoretical'. It is helpful for someone with some practical experience who wants to learn the formal tools and concepts. Most learnings come from the peer-reviewed assignment and reflection on own experience. It will however probably not be adequate for beginners without professional experience, e.g university students.
Videos are awkward and not natural. Course notes and handouts very good, and content appropriate though a bit lazy to just assign 20-30 pages of reading for each module. PMBOK book very repetitive and difficult to read, hence why I am paying for a course!
interesting course in general, though it could be improved.e.g several times the slides have too much text, sometimes the multiple-choice tests seems to have been prepared in hurry
Very basic skills. Good for beginner.One of the instructor was very boring
This class was high quality over all.  Instructors were knowledge and the presentations were well done.  Few downsides, I think this was based on PMBOK version 4 since it seemed to stray from V5 PMBOK in some respects.  Second, some of the questions were not very clear and the multiple choice could have been written with more clarity.
The course has been designed exclusively and I was quite impressed. The course was also easy to follow with step by step practice quizzes that keep you moving. However, one drawback that I faced that in peer review assignments, there are a lot of people who are not yet on the particular level of assignment and once you submit an assignment, the software submits to random peer reviews. This results (mostly) in splitting your grade into two extremes (and that happened to me thrice). This certainly spoils someone's grade. Peer may ruin your work. this need to be tackled on software level. Atleast the assignment should go who has completed the module. Lastly, I thank Mr. Tom Phalen and Mr. Kazimir Kowowski for their utmost dedication to teach this course.  I hope the other courses will be much better.
Very good course, the instructors have a great structure for the lectures even though some topics are not addressed as much as needed. This isn't a problem since they reference books available to increase your knowledge in the topic at hand.The only problem I had with this course was the peer-reviewed assignments. I had a really bad experience grading some since I had to report them for plagiarism because they uploaded the exact same document as the example or I didn't have anything to grade because they uploaded a blank document. On top of this, when my work was being graded, I did not get any feedback regarding how I could improve it.
A relatively good course. Week 1-3 are pretty good but week 4 is absolutely vague and impossible to follow. The handout provided by the instructors is good but doesn't 100% match the video lectures.Another flaw is that you have to wait a lot so your assignments get peer reviewed. So that may cause you stay longer in the course and pay more for the subscription.
Good contents but a but the voice explanation is sometimes hard to follow if you also read the slide. I'd suggest to refer more strictly to the slide contents and wording or reducing further the content of the slides to give the right importance to the speech. As is I struggle to understand if it is better to follow the slide or the voice
Well-organized and informative course. Easy to follow along with transcripts of lectures with highlighting text and the ability to save notes directly from here. But they rely a bit to much on people buying the course material to read the background material. This could be handled by increasing the length of lectures.
THIS COURSE HELP ME TO UNDERSTAND THEBASIC AND SOME ADVANCED LEVEL OF PLANNING AND EXECUTING A PROJECT HELPS ME TO UNDERSTAND THE INITIATING AND PLANNING OF PROJECT AND HOW TO MANAGE IT AS A PROJECT MANAGER. THANKYOU SO MUCH FOR THIS VALUABLE COURSE AND I AM VERY IMPRESSED BY THE INNOVATIVE TREACHING TECHINQUES .
I like how the course was taught and how the case study was done. But most of the peers who do the assignment dont take it seriously or they dont understand the subject well. It would be better if the assignments are reviewed by one of the mentors or lectures. 1  review by peer and 1 review by mentor/ lecutrer
I enjoyed gaining knowledge about how to plan for a prroject and the essential steps which are very important to start a successful project. However, I suggest that there should be a possibility to report trolling peers who grade your assignments without caution or even with logic.
Although the course is interesting and well made the "review your peers" section needs refactoring.I found myself giving 10 points (which is the max) to clearly erroneous fields when reviewing, just because they respected the valutation criteria.
Its a good course to understand the basic concepts of Project Management. I feel that for some of the deliverable documents they go a little fast but once again is good to have a basic understand to be able to go deeper on your own.
Good, comprehensive course. Gives fundamental knowledge regarding proejct management, aimed towards the generation of main project management deliverables. Requires PMBOK for optimal performance, although it is not mandatory.
A nice introduction to the discipline. The teaching methodology could be improved, but, in general, it helps to understand the basic concepts related with initiating and planing an engineering project in a comprehensive way.
The course provided me the basic for initiating and planning of a project. The instructors provide really good and clear explanation. Furthermore, case study made for this course is well written. well done!
i recommend this course for people who are curious enough to learn about management from the scratch and it is very useful for practicing in modern day applications. this course is strongly a path finder.
Content great. Delivery could be better. Found the lecturers laboured through the videos, obviously reading straight off a slide. This made it hard at times to take in what was being presented.
I would like to review this on course contentwise. Its probably the best out here on coursera for engineers. It covers both management and leadership aspect needed for project level.
This course is well organized, content is useful for a real beginner or for a review of knowledge but that all. It is too succinct to claim training for a PMI certification.
Good lectures, good availability of course material! Time difference makes participation in course discussions difficult... I like the concept of peer reviewed assignments!
The course is really helpful and makes it easy to understand. The peer graded assignment helps in better understanding of the topic provided with well defined example.
Good course helped me consolidate my knowledge, revise new concepts from a different point of view and improve my command of the English language.
Excellent Course well instructed and informative. Highly recommend to anyone wanting to learn or improve on your abilities in project management.
The course is apt for understanding the basics of managing a project. the peer review assignments should have some weightage to the final grade
Ideal for beginners in Project Management.course content is interesting and comprehensive. Begin the PM journey with Rice University.
Nice Introduction of Project Management. Good to enrol in the course for those who wants to attend PMP certification.
Good instructors and easy to follow lesons make this course an ideal starting point for project management begin
I think the peer-review is risky, as sometimes there are not enough people to review or to ve reviewed by
This course was more of a theoretical and I hope that the next course would be based on problem solving.
I really appreciate the facilitator of this course for the impartation of this project management skills
the course is very good but currently seems stretched all topics should have been included in one phase
Awesome!! only issue was some questions in the test have wrong answers in their bank.Plz correct it!
Very good learning experience. The course content are designed from practicle point of view.
great learning experience for a person who has started out with online courses
great source of learning online this course for clear basic concept of pmp
A very useful course and gives us valuabe information project management
The course is well designed but the voice quality is very low!
the exponents' experience is incredible, richer the course
Well organized course. Really learnt a lot from this
I would be more appreciated, if it was more detailed
Very good course for project management beginners.
good couse well information gain in this course
IT IS My good experience to learn this course
it seems really interesting. and to the point
A bit dry but informative and not difficult.
Good Learning  Course with assignments made
The grading rubric should be more specific
Good course but it goes a little bit slow
This course is excellent and worthy to ta
The course is very much PMI PMP centric.
Great content and challenging projects!
I am learned a lot from this course.
It's really helpful. Aus empfehlen
thanks for offering that course
Sound Quality was not good
Very well put together...
It was agreat experience.
Short and a good course.
Brilliant introduction!
I like this course very well. Well formatted and easy to understand. The lectures are engaging. Overall I am enjoying while learning from this course :)
Very good course! Dynamic and very well structured. I totally recommend, it provides you notions of all aspects involving the first two stage of project. I look forward doing the other parts.
Great course. Would recommend it for engineers who have collected relevant engineering experience and look for whats next in their career. Looking forward to attend the other modules as well.
Really good course with assignments that require quite an amount of brainstorming, leaving you with a good feeling of satisfaction and more knowledge than before.
it is great starting to project management . i had already background on that subject but it was good to review and remember all knowledge in order .
Very comprehensive with a good difficulty level. Overall the instructors are doing good, but sometimes it's a bit monotone.
Engineering Project Management : Initiating and Planning is one of three courses of the specialization Engineering Project Management presented  by RICE University. Anyone interested to advance the project management skills, planning to take the Project Management Professional (PMP)  certification under the Project Management Institute (PMI) , and/or anyone interested in learning will find this course interested.
Coursera along with RICE university provided this course, that is very useful, easy to learn, properly organised and presented.Thank you Rice universityThank you coursera and I don't words to praise you. I love it.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course, I am very busy at work but I tried to always find the time to read even 30 minutes of all the material provided. The course is helping me to push forward in becoming a project manager in the future, the material and lessons are quite good and was never bored. I felt challenged every time which got me thinking and striving to achieved the goals proposed.
It is a very good course for beginners, but not only for them. This course is also very useful for the experienced project managers that want to learn, apply and get a certification from PMI. The course is very well structured with very good written and video materials. The professors from the video courses are very inspiring. I highly recommend this course.
Excellent. I learned so much more than I thought I was going to learn. Excellent videos, material is well organized and presented. Assignments are very helpful, and the case study is really good. Interaction with classmates really add value and helps in analyzing your own work.
The course and
the teachers are very good. Very clear and easy explanation.
The quiz assignments and peer graded assignments helped to boost further learning and understanding.
Would be taking the next topic too.
Thanks Professor Kaz and Prof Tom and Thank you Rice University for coming up with this wonderful learning program.
A big thank you once again.
In addition to being a great First Step towards the PMP Certification, Rice University Engineering Project Management Specialization is thorough, detailed, with valuable information from experienced PM's  from Rice Center for Engineering Leadership Director Kaz Karwowski and Lecturer Tom Phalen.
Course was clearly explained from the beginning. All materials and presentations were easy to follow. Definitely met my expectations! I would highly recommend this course to others who are interested in Project management, and are also on the path to getting a certification.
This course has helped me building my project management skills to a next level. The course content, instructors and the learning environment is phenomenal. I would urge everyone to complete this course and move towards specialization.
Thank you for the excellent refresher course. All the videos and animations were well laid out with great information. I will be continuing the PM Specialization and more than likely other Coursera courses.
It was very amazing experience with this course of Engineering Project Management : Initiating and Planning. learned a lot regarding project and handling processes in initial phase.
A very good course explained clearly by the instructors by maintaining connectivity with PMI and the content was really helpful in initializing this specialization.
A very challenging and demanding course. The key concepts are well addressed. Looking forward to the next course in Project Management Specialization
Excellent instructors, loved the way when they tell their own stories of projects and how we can leverage their work experience in our career!
Great Course! The content is up to date with market practices. Professors know profession's day-to-day and bring greats insights for career.
Excellent course! I was able to improve my knowledge on Project Management. The experience of the professors is a valuable plus. Thank you!
Great videos with good examples. The way of teaching is very good. Not too much information. Just the right level of information to well understand the principles. Getting the books is essential to well understand the project management teached by RICE.
The course is excellent for those starting their way in project management but to gain maximum benefit you should take all 3 courses of this specialization. Thanks alot to the instructors for their effort and for this well organized course.
This course can help any beginner learn the basics of Engineering project management right from scratch. I recommend this course to anyone whose interests are inclined towards management and is an engineer.
This course will give in-depth knowledge of project management. Peer-graded assignments will help us a lot to think in other ways how others will proceed and learn from their assignments too.
Thanks to the Rice University.The course was so interesting, i managed to learn a lot on the project management.I can now prepare charter, stakeholders record,,,,,,,
The course is extremely helpful in learning some new concepts and also to recapitulate the learning. I strongly recommend this for my colleagues and friends.
This is a very well structured course with a lot of tests and assignments. I would definitely help this to all budding project managers like myself.
This course is really good. If you have the opportunity, please try to create the same documents deliverable, using your current project as a base.
Course was quite practical with a lot of assignments and projects and theoretical content was of high quality provided by Rice University.
This course was very helpful.Both the professor were great.
Thank you for this initiative to allow us to apply the PMP on a case study in detail :taht's really great!I am looking forward to continue the two courses to apply PMP on the others domain of Project management professional (Risk, resources, scope, time, cost...), 
This is the best opportunity to apply my knowledge in PMP as part of a complete case study. 
I recommend this course and this specialization to everyone who want to go forward in PMP with 
concrete cases!
Very good course! Dynamic and very well structured. I totally recommend it provides you with notions of all aspects involving the first two-stage of the project. I look forward to doing the other parts.    Great course. Would recommend it for engineers who have collected relevant engineering experience and look for what's next in their career. Looking forward to attending the other modules as well.
This course, I learned a lot about how the project managers play his role in management regarding the organization, material handling, resources available, time, and communication with stakeholders. I think I will apply this knowledge to enhance my management and leadership skills. Thank you so much professors and Coursera for providing me with such a great platform of learning.
Very complete course as an introduction for Project Management Body of knowledge, and rises the foundations to take the other two courses with confidence. As a firts experience in the project management field, was a "easy to follow" course that allows to me gain the basis to start to develop a correctly project management plan in the future. Thanks and great job!
Superb course and those who are planning to build career in project management should take this course. This Course is so well prepared by instructor. Teaching style and final discussion at end of each week is helped me to learn more. I have got worth knowledge from this experts. Thanks RICE university and instructor of this course!
It's a very good course and every detail of how to manage various phases of project from initiating till the closure of project is explained in very lucid and detailed manner by instructors. And the quizzes and assignment are just awesome to get hands on practice. Indeed I have enjoyed learning from the course thank you.
Thank you soo much for an amazing platform where I learned new skill and polished my previous skills .The learning environment was superb and assignment and projects give a boost when it come to testing skills. I would recommend this course to everyone who want to start professional career as Project Manager.
This course is amazing, the learning approach gives a background overview of what project management is about. It provides the necessary tools to study on and practice on. Finally it changed my mentality about how I see a project no matter how small, it gave me an organized mindset towards doing any task
Outstanding! From the lecturers, teaching aids, quizzes, to the assignments, RICE University did a fantastic job. The exposure to engineering project management; Initiating and Planning  is highly recommended to anyone looking for a starting point into the project management field.
Engineering Project Management : initiating and planning course of Rice university is refresh my practical knowledge and update theoretical concept for future practical development in the Engineering Procurement Companies. It is very useful for me. Thanking you very much, sir
Awesome course, for those who are keen and willing to learn about Project Management this course is just outstanding, from the lectures, information from the professors, quizzes and what I liked the most, very engaging assessments that provide real hands on experience.
This course not only gives you theory knowledge but allows you to analyse the problem and make proper documentation on it. Gives knowledge about stakeholder register, organizational chart and project charter which are basic documentations required for any project.
Becoming a Project Manager is such a dream for professionals, in order to get the knowledge necesary to get PMP certification I think that this course is a great source and a great oportunity. The teachers show a lot of experience and is easy to learn.
It is an exceptional course, along with main assignments concept check truly verifies whether we have completed the required study or not, The idea of the formation of charts and reviewing it by peers is the best practical way of learning.
The course is amazing. When you accomplish this course you will be able to knowledge to prepare an organization chart, a stakeholder register and Project chart. I will be aware about project phase and key aspects of project management
This was one of the good courses and I really enjoyed it. The peer graded assignments was a good thing as we had to do each and every assignments our self, it helped me improve my knowledge on this particular subject. Thank you!
It is Great Experience For Me To Learn Online Course, Such Well Crafted Course For Those Who Are Keen Interested In Project Management, Tom Phalen and Kazimir Karwowski Both have Done Excellent Job For all Students.
A very good structure on this course! I learned a lot of aspects and ways to manage any kind of project. For sure this course will show you tools to manage and develop with success every project you have in mind!
A superb course with very effective learning material delivered by field experts. Will highly recommend to anyone who is looking forward to role of project manager or is related to project managment
This was a very interesting and fun course that has enhanced me and strengthened my ethics on and off the work environment. A great course that i think everyone could and should accomplish
The experience of the instructors that is reflected in the considerations and "how" that the course presents are very valuable elements that can be applied in project management.
i have learned a lot on this course expecially when it comes to project planning, the stakeholders, different matrix and how communication and time management are important
I enjoyed the studies by Rice University on Engineering Management. I understood all topics and I am so delighted thanks so much. I intend to proceed with the next course.
A good curse to prepare one in terms of initiating a project and plan it. Moreover preparing the deliverable by the attendees gives a hands on experience on documentation.
Great learning experiences. Peer reviews were an excellent way to access my understanding of the courses. Looking forward to putting these into practice. Great course!
wow I just received my first certificate on Coursera and this course was very awesome and easy to follow up and assignment really taught me what i was looking for,
Very informative and interesting to learn from one of the most experienced people of USA.Thanks for your efforts to provide such a platform for learners.
This course is very helpful for the learners. The coordinators teach me a lot in this course. Thanks to them and also thanks Coursera. Good luck
This course is very helpful for me because I am in last year of my degree so I have to do my project and l learned about the project management.
Great course for beginners and students who are just a step below to handle any projects with ease and clarity after going through this course.
good course for engineer and other field people . As a mechanical graduate this course will be very helpful in my future work inshALLAH
I have learnt alot from this course , i really thank our professors who made this program a success ,God richly bless y'all. Thank you.
The course was well structured. The instructors had good knowledge on the subject. It was a good journey for me throughout this course.
Excellent lecturers and course materials! Clear audio and video. Syllabus is very up to date and covers all the key areas it promised.
This is one of the most impactful courses I have taken and it has really shaped my understanding a lot on leadership and management.
A very informative & organized course. The personal experience from the lecturers and the projects amplify the learning experiance.
It's very great experience to learning form your rice university. I like to suggest add pdf of reading session if possible.
It was very useful and concrete, i liked the professors and i think that i'll use many of these tools in my future career!
Excellent, I especially enjoyed reviewing my peers work. This helped me grow and see things from a different perspective!
Loved the way the content is designed and the way the assignments are structured. Was a wonderful journey finish is this
A must do course for anyone working on engineering project. well structured material and  competent trainers. thank you
Great explanation of concepts in line with PMBOK. The deliverable assigned for each topic provided on-hands experience.
i have learned a lot in this course and it will surely be applicable in all planning to be done for the rest of my life
It's the best Project Management course I've ever had, they provide us a case study and we need to do an assignment.
Perfect to understand Projects. Right to the point. Although it could include some extra documents just as examples.
Very good the course. It is possible to learn many lessons from him. Even though it's basic, the learning is great.
In general it was what I expected from the course. The intention is continuing with the other two courses offered.
I learnt project management and planning  from top educator, it will play important role to enhance my knowledge.
The course is very practical, a lot of case studies and insightful examples from weekly discussions by lecturers
Very clear and engaging. Easily applicable straight away to work life. Will be using it on my project next week.
Excellent delivery of the material and appropriate assignments, quizzes and exams in the context of the course.
Initiation and planning of projects has been developed in a clear, simple way. Excellent material and teachers
Engineering Project Management : Initiating and Planning is a great course, i learned a lot from this course.
I was able to learn the basics required for project management.. The course is helpful in building my career.
It was a very good experience to follow this course on Engg. Project Management. I really enjoyed the course.
Very helpful for beginners to know the details of initiating and planning in engineering project management.
Super and very nice experience .I have learn something this course. Thank you so much for this opportunity.
it was quite interesting. what i liked the most - we had home-works to work on. so it's not just listening.
Great experience in this course. The explanation from the mentor is very easy to understand. Thank you
It provides me with a wonderful experience of how the engineering projects are managed in the field.
Very good & informative course to understand the basics of project initiation & planning functions.
This course is fine. the sound quality can be made better. Also, reading materials can be attached.
Short and sweet. Concise lessons that are very informative! Hands-on exercises are awesome as well!
I really enjoyed the course work. The assignments were engaging and related to the topics studied.
This course is really helping me to improve the management in the projects in which I am involved
The course have all that you need to learn, I really recommend to start in Project Management.
This course give me very good knowledge about Project planning, Stakeholder Registers and all
I was extremely impressed with he scope of knowledge that's covered in each of these courses.
It is great course to understand about Project, role of project manger, project management
It's a really good course, very approachable even if you don't have previous experience.
excellent course for beginners,Easy to follow build up of course material for learning
is very good course i like well to have a course from people who have a big experience
I am so happy that i chose this project.The teachers were awesome .it helped me alot.
Very well delivered, covering all the essentials required fort he project management.
A very informative course along with the graded assignments that are very beneficial.
Very Useful, Thanks for the organizer and highly appreciate the efforts of the tutors
Great!! a lot of information!! but interesting!! assessments has a serious difficulty
This is a good course for an individual who wants to learn about project management.
a very good course, well-explained lessons and examples, and many interesting tasks
Pleasant with the course contain and I am happy to achieve completion certificate.
A great platform to enhance skills and earn valuable knowledge. Thank you Coursera
I enjoyed the course, clear concepts espouse in a simple way and well structured.
I learned a lot from the course and it will definitely  help me for my master
Good course for beginners. It will build basic concept of project management.
it is very helpful for a mechanical engineer like me to search for new scope.
Excelent course! Easy to follow and helpful for who is beginning the carreer.
Unprecedented course both teachers are very passionate about their subject.
Kudos to the instructor duos for wonderful teaching. Thanks for the course.
Great course, the videos are not boring and the activities are challenging.
THE COURSE IS PREPARED AS CAPSULES FOR EASY UNDERSTANDING OF PARTICIPANTS.
A comprehensive course to with in field of Engineering Project Management.
Very informative with engaging content. I thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Excellent material and instructors, specially recommended for engineers.
A very good introduction to Project management: Initiating and Planning.
Very useful as an entry to project management as a stand alone disciple
Great material and presentation of initiating and planning experiences.
Amazing course, full of formative assignments and appropriate lessons.
Excellent course to learn about the fundamentals of Project Management
Great Course. It has helped me learn the basics of project management
A great course and good start to enter the area of project management
Good intro on planning of project and the specifics that goes to it.
very comprehensive and informative,  i enjoyed the course very much
Great course, easy to follow, good and right to the point material.
Excellent course. I wasn't thinking in taking PMP exam, now I will.
Have the experienced of Mr Tom Phalen and Kaz are invaluable tools
your course was outstanding, i learnt much more from it. thank you
Good course to start with the Engineering project management area.
I really love this course and the instructors. want to learn more!
This is a very good course to prepare to become a project manager
This course is excellent and helpful for initiating and planning.
Very good explanations and allowed to work freely on assignments.
it was awesome and easy to achieve. I learned a lot.  Thank you.
This is really good course for beginners to intermediate level .
Thank you for a great opportunity to enhance our knowledge in PM
good teaching method and topic sequence with practical examples
It is very useful to me.I have learned a lot from this course.
Very much interesting course. Assignments are really engaging.
Perfect and very objective, I will continue in other 2 courses
Really nice to build strong foundations in project management.
Coursera is an Amazing educational platform for the learners.
Have gotten meaningful skills and knowledge from this course.
great course to understand the basics of project management.
a useful course with excellent professors and teaching plan
I am very happy, as I have learned some new planning tools.
Thank you so much I learned more than what I was thinking
Good learning experience and many insights have learned.
Excellent course necessary for all engineering students
Great learning experience for continuing professionals.
I really enjoy this course. Very intuitive and engaging
I like the course all the videos and material are clear
Thoroughly enjoyed this..... From beginning to end.....
very good and learn how to practice project management
It was really helpful. Looking forward to learn more.
Very Good Course for Engineers in Project Management!
The experience of being a part of this great is great
Great Course , thanks a lot for this effort and work
I learned a lot in this class.  thank you very much.
Very informative. Very well explained. A must learn.
An amazing course from which one can learn so much!
I enjoyed the course, the professors were friendly.
very well organized and easy to follow the material
An awesome course, and very relevant to my degree.
I enjoyed this program I am continuing with it🙌🏼
it was great. teachers were so good. learned alot
Excellent course, I learned a lot of new things
This is a great course, specially for beginers.
Great introdutory course on Project Management.
Very informative and great class organization.
Excellent course with clearly defined material
This course was really informative and useful.
Very comprehensive with practical assignments.
Excellent course.  I strongly recommend it!!!
good course for the budding project managers.
Very good introduction to project management.
it was very valuable courses and interesting
It was awesome to learn with good management
i like the course very much. its very useful
It thought  me how to work with organization
thank you soomuch for showing and guiding me
The course is really thought out and clear !
Amazing course. I learned too much. Thanks.
excellent overview on how to start as a pro
Great course. It explains all the essential
I enjoy every single lessons in every week.
Excellent very useful and knowledge gaining
Excellent course, clear, and well defined.
Very good experiment. I'm very satisfied !
One of the best Project managment on line.
Very effective course. Thanks to COURSERA
Great course, case study is very helpful!
Excellent and very well organized course
Very Interactive and easy to understand.
Good introduction to Project Management!
Great addition to any engineering career
Good introductory content for PM folks.
A very Excellent and Informative Course
Very good course for project management
Very clear and and easy to learn course
Great! I learned a lot in this course.
The most insightful MOOC regarding PMI
Great way to initiate project learning
Good course, thank you for the effort
It's very good course. I learn a lot.
Fantastic and interducer is very good
most useful course with great faculty
The course was designed excellently.
Love the content. Very informative
Thanks for all the professors help
Great course with helpful material
Amazing experience, long journey!
Very Good experience. Thankyou!!!
Well presented and worth to study
Had a really good time learning.
Very helpfull and great teachers
Skill Enhancement Program Course
Summarized but detailed content.
this course really helps a lot .
I liked the introductory course!
Excellent course for Begineers.
good for beginners in this area
Great explanation and content!
How to plan to develop project
Thanks for this usefull course
Good content. Well delivered.
Very Good and helpful course
A perfect initiation course.
its too good and interesting
Great Learning and knowledge
very helpful, well organized
Amazing learning experience.
Very Interesting and usefull
Very informative course :)
Nicely designed course!!!
Good Learning Materials!
the course is very good.
Perfect and very useful,
good course learned alot
Great one to start with
Its very impressive!
Beautifully Designed
Enjoyed the training
Very well organized
Awesome course 👍
High impressive
a great course
Quality Course
very helpful!
Good contents
Great courses
is was great
optional
