Course content was very good but the certificate was a joke - not worth the money. The certificate is signed "Signature" and lists the professor as John Doe, and there appears to be no way to contact anyone at Coursera with complaints.
concept never cleared. most of the difficult sums which are given in exam are not properly taught.
It is an average introduction to certain financial aspects. Where i really feel it was let down was in 1) the discussions with the external expert. You need to find a new expert more engaging with the subject matter. Was very dry and I was willing her on not to fail. Not a sentiment I should be feeling in a paid course. 2) The capstone project was too much too quickly. You should run through a similar project first using similar details and documentation. The instructor should run through this dry run step by step just as the student will do in the final exam. In other words, the jump from introducing NPV etc to a final project with lots of different documents was too much.
the course is fruitful because it presents basic concepts and simple variables that are crucial to know.HOWEVER, the capestone case is very very hard to finish, it requires collaboration through the discussion plateform or else, you will not be able to do it by yourself
Love the instructor, his delivery is on point but a little bit more clarity is needed on finance terminologies
Very good course that tackles the most important parts of finance and accounting in a firm. The only problem I had was that a lot of technical terms were somewhat poorly explained, and week 3 was a bit confusing. Still, I would recommend this course to anyone that is interested in finance.
Efficient and clear introduction to the subject, though not a lot of material.  Interviews are not very useful.  A written "handout" list of definitions, acronyms and formulae would be useful as a future reference (for those who didn't take notes).
Its a good place to start. I would recommend this to a friend who has no clue whatsoever about finance and is looking at possibly heading in a new direction. Videos are well sized, clear and articulate. Homework assignments are well designed for this level. Although I would have liked it more had the capstone quiz given me the opportunity to work independently with the numbers given in the case rather than giving me a template to work with. Seemed a little spoon fed to me. All in all a good course to pursue for beginners.
An exceptional course that teaches all the basics of financial world to the professionals form every field. Concise modules which are taught very enthusiastically by the professor.
The course is  well prepared and the teacher is very good, the exercises however are not 100% explained and in the tests there could be issues
Course content is presented in a well-organised and logical manner. It is an excellent course if you want to review concepts of capital budgeting (like NPV, IRR, WACC, cost of equity, cost of debt, and DCF analysis). The professor uses Excel to solve problems, and the capstone case is also Excel-based, which adds another layer to the course. Overall, this short course if very good for reviewing basic concepts of capital budgeting, but might seem slightly difficult for those who have absolutely no background in finance.
The instructor did a great effort summarizing the key concepts in finance in digestible manner. I loved the course so much & I'm glad to complete it.  However, I would like if there were some reference textbook shared with the students (even with added price); so we can practice more, and read the materials after the instructor. I also faced huge shock at week 5 and some difficulties solving the capstone quiz, so if there were more example to practice it would be better.
I got to quite enjoy it and the presenter. I was particularly intrigued by his use of the light board and his apparent mirror writing. I almost didn't do this because the coursera guide was directing me to free trials and similar. I think that stand-alone courses like this should be easier to find. The helpdesk people did little to help and it was only after I escalated the whole thing that someone found  a way that I could spend money...
Great instructor. Easy to understand. Super funny.. Most of the stuff are super easy to understand. Definitely not as dry as other course i went. Downside, Some of the math are a bit difficult for me as Instructor immediately tell us the formula without deriving it for us. Also, the capstone case study shocked me as i did not know how to start. Even with peers help, i did not score well.
I took a sports finance course from my college three years ago. Finance for Non-Finance Professionals was a great course for me to recall the materials and equations. James Weston made the course enjoyable and informative. My negatives for the course is the difficulty of the capstone case and the length of each video, and therefore, each week. Overall, this was a great experience for me.
It is a good course for people like me who does not anything or just a small piece of finance concepts and application. But just for that reason some times it is difficult to follow the information, because this has a lot of finance terminology that as a beginner unknown. Even though I had a great time and a huge learning.
Excellent course ware, interesting lectures, tough quizzes/project designed to give students a good grasp over fundamentals. Accounting ratios, forecasting, variance analysis should be covered in detail to bridge the skill gap and enhance job prospects. Renaming the course should increase the number of enrollments.
Great course. I learned a lot and for sure will recommend for people like me that wanted to start learning the basis for finance. However, be aware that in some cases you might need to look for further explanations of concepts outside the videos to be able to really answer quiz questions.
It explains all important topics related to financial modelling in a short and precise way. I felt few topics could be more elaborate with more examples. I would suggest this course to people who have limited time and want to start with the basics . Thank You Professor James Weston.
This course is is explained clearly by the professor. The videos where structured in a good manner and was clear to read and understand as the professor explained. There are questions in between the videos that help you take in some of the information given during the video.
It's nice and simple. Doesn't go too far into the technical details but enough to get you started should you ever feel to venture further into the field. Provides some thoughtful reading materials. The recording is clear and the professor tries hard to engage.3.5 stars.
the content is easy to understand and right level for people without finance background. The concepts is explained very well. The only down side I would say is that the content is probably too shallow and does not offer too much direction for self-guided study beyond.
Overall a great course.  Very clear and very conceptual, great learning for anyone interested in finance. Professor Weston is a gem and makes learning light and fun. My only problem with the course is the lack of explanation for the Capstone Quiz and Final Quiz.
Overall, a good course. There should be a short video at the end of the capstone project walking through the entire process. Overall the explanations are clear and the professor makes sure students develop an intuition based on the concepts taught.
Some more examples need to be given in certain cases. For ex- when he talked about tax shield of debts raising , there should be more examples related to industry experiences should have been given to make it more clear
Overall the course was a very good introduction to the world of finance and valuations. However, I felt that weeks 3 and 4 were rushed a little bit. Professor Weston's way of explaining tricky concepts is very lucid!
I learned a lot of things during this course. The conversation with a practitioner really gives you insights about the real world applications, and where our knowledge is applicable in the market.
This class is an excellent introduction to capital budgeting and finance.  It is an excellent primer for understanding how businesses can use these tools to analyze transactions.
Learned sooo much in this course. It taught me how to remain curious as the subject matter got more difficult. If you stick with it, you really learn to enjoy finance.
Excellent Course for those looking for enhancing their ideas and knowledge for Corporate Finance. The course beautifully explains all the topics right from the start.
I enjoyed this course which explains financeial analysis in a simple and easy to understand way.  The quizes and tests help reinforce the learning very much.
This course help me a lot about understanding in basic Finance, but it will be perfect if more infographic and terminology are provided.
Really high level introduction to financial concepts. The professor does a good job in building the intuition behind concepts.
Some concepts are a little difficult for a non finance person. However, so far it seems very interesting and useful!
Good refresher on NPV, ROI, Cashflows.. Little bit shallow on "reading" income statement/ balance sheet.
A couple of concepts like stock markets work, what are dividends should have been taught in detail.
Some of the test questions contained information that was not covered thoroughly in the chapters.
Very helpful, but defining essential concepts and additional real world examples would be useful.
I think there should be more exercises, and better relation between theory and exercises
It started quite interesting but by the last weeks it became quite flat and monotonic.
Very good course for non-finance professionals seeking management jobs.
Good course but lacking in back up for instructors if you get stuck.
Thank you . Some additional accounting examples may be helpfull
A really helpful course for beginners in Finance field.
Very helpful but would like to see more practice
capstone project is to taught
Wonderfully communicated!!
Learning soo many things
free good Thank you
I had no background of Finance before I enrolled for this course except that I had good mathematics base. I found this course very beneficial as it explained the fundamentals of Finance in a very understandable language and pace. The course structure is well organized and it is absolutely worth enrolling. This course is coming handy to me for my CFA preparations as it has built a strong understandings of basics.
I am a mechanical engineer looking to change careers and go into financial management. This course gave me the confidence that my choice to go into finance was well placed. The course content is well designed for a newbie like me. This course gave me the motivation and confidence i needed to learn more finance related concepts.
As a operation head of R&D center, I used to make business case for proposing requirement of equipment using help of Finance. Now I understood all details and I can do it myself. The important point is that I can now go back to those spread sheet and understand how payback was considered. I would like to thank Coursera and Professor James and Rice university for this wonderful opportunity to learn.I specifically like conversation with real world finance person.Thank you
Prof James is a very good teacher not only because he is very thorough with his own understanding of finance fundamentals but also he genuinely likes teach. His animated gestures keeps one hooked on to the course. The exercises are very helpful to drive the concepts homeHighly recommend to take up the course for anyone who wants to understand the world of finance
Great Course, Very solid start for those who are trying to enter Finance world. It makes you love this field if you are not familiar with it and have no previous experience. Great Job Professor.
I am an Electrical Engineer working in the mining industry. I am currently in a managerial position and frequently need to make decisions on whether to implement a certain project or not and what benefit would it bring to my company. I learnt a great deal from this course. I thoroughly enjoyed Prof. Weston's each lecture. There was so much enthusiasm in his voice that kept me hooked to this course and nudged me towards earning my verifiable certificate. Thank you and keep bringing such nice courses.
James is a very passionate and communicative lecturer. I really love the way he presents the materials because it makes all the materials are easily digested and understood. Two thumbs up!!
Very good learning experience.The course is ideal for people having an interest in Finance! No prior knowledge needed!The Prof. makes sure you are involved throughout the lecture!
This course is so good I couldn't wait to finish it asap! While the instructor (which I became very found of) is clear he noticeably understands the underlying  aspects of Finance, presenting it on a very didatic and interesting way. I took this course because I wanted to start doing company's valuation, and I can tell you that I'm much closer to doing so.Some food for thought: I'd like to see the guest talk more, I felt that the professor kind of directioned his speech a lot to what was said in class. I believe that she could have brought some real life examples and had gone deeper on them. I'd also have appreciated a class that had examined a real balance sheet example as well.Regardless of this, if you don't know anything about finance, or if you know just a little bit, there is a high chance that you'll find what you're looking for in this course. Congratulations to Mr. James Weston and his team for doing this favour to the community.
I really appreciated the focus on the conceptual elements of financial decision-making and the capital budgeting process. The video lectures were a great length for me (aka not too long) and included plenty of visual examples that helped me understand what was being taught. This was a great overview for someone who, like me, doesn't have a super strong foundation in math and has never taken a finance course before, but is interested in understanding these principles better.
Very good overview of finance. For everyone looking, this is not specific to personal finance, but rather a general view and introduction to the most general topics. And a great one at that!
This course as the title suggests is actually required for non finance professionals to get an understanding of concepts in Finance. A very good and well structured course.
Very engaging and effective. Perhaps if stretched over a 13 weeks period or wrapped up in an official master, it would have been even more gratifying. Food for thought?
I love the enthusiasm the Professor shows and having taken this course out of my own interest (pun intended), I find it thoroughly enjoyable and practically useful.
I would like to thank you for this amazing course, it is very helpful for non-finance and financial people at the same time. I believe it will help me in my career.
This was the first online course which I have ever taken, and I have to say that I absolutely loved it! The course is informative; the professor is excellent; the tests are relevant and practical, and the course is fairly priced -- especially compared to some of the other courses available on Coursera. The online material -- as in videos, documents, links and transcripts work very well -- and it has certainly led me to believe that I have received value for enrolling. I recommend this course to students and individuals who have a basic knowledge of economics (opportunity cost, etc) and have a basic interest in accounts and finance. Highly recommended! Thanks Professor Weston, Rice University and Coursera for a wonderful course! :)
James Weston's teaching style is great - he's enthusiastic, knowledgable, and simplifies the complex. As someone who was slightly intimidated by the concept of learning finance (which I have to do as a prerequisite for my graduate program), this was very easy to follow and grasp. This is basically a crash course for everything you need to know to get started on capital budgeting, taught in a logical, easy-to-digest format. Highly recommend to anyone that wants to get the basics down and can do the work with confidence by the time the course is over.
The course in general covers the most essential topic in finance that regular non-finance folks may wonder: how finance helps a company run by providing the tools and methods for the management to make sound decisions. The instructor goes through all the topics with clear and easily understood explanations while giving insights about the practical use in the finance field. Overall, I genuinely enjoy the learning process in this course, and I would like to express my gratitude to Professor James and Ms. Christine for sharing their knowledge with us.
Hello everyone,I am a person from technical background  who had an interest towards finance. The  course started with the basic idea is to how actually things work in the field of finance and accounting, to financial statements and basics of how stock market works. I am satisfied to say that I got to learn a lot through the course and the instructor James Weston was quite through and simple to understand. I would recommend this course to every Non-Finance professional or student out there. Thank you Coursera!
Professor Weston was great at keeping me interested since he's able to explain all the financial terms in a way that someone who has never taken  finance course beforehand could understand. The  course was also structured in  way that facilitated this understanding with more advanced topics introduced until later  weeks while also helping reinforce previous subjects by touching upon them again. I'm now even more interested in going deeper into many of the topics. Thank you!
This is my first finance course where I have learnt the basic concepts, principles and tools to analyze finance problems. Overall this course is well-designed and the professor is very engaging. The final capstone case is a nice one to put everything together, although more clarification would be helpful. It would also be useful if some concepts and terminology could be explained more clearly via more practical examples. Thanks for the efforts for creating this course.
Very happy with the overall content, organization and curriculum of the course. It has allowed me to pear inside the world of finance from a theoretical and practical point of view. The exercises and problems presented proved challenging enough to seek external resources to further my understanding and of the appropriate level to not fall into frustration. Thank you Cousera, Rice university and Professor Weston for putting together this course.
Good Day
Dear Sir , Ma'am , I sincerely  thank Rice University and Coursera Platform for this opportunity  .Thanks and Warm Regards.ABHIJIT SENGUPTAPortfolio URL :https://about.me/abhijitsengupta
Website : www.pactolianconsulting.comE - Mail : abhijit@pactolianconsulting.comKolkata , IndiaSkype : abhijit.sengupta357
Ph. : + 91 33 25907110
Cell : + 91 9163863607
Whatsapp : + 91 8017648297
                     + 91 6290750012
This is the best introduction to Finance I've ever received, and I worked alongside a Finance department for two years! The Finance concepts are made easy to understand and the quizzes are challenging enough to keep you going without being put off. I'd recommend this course to anyone who wants to understand how finance in business works, as the depth it goes to is pretty impressive for how short the course is.
Finance may not be easy, as always, but it is still worth learning when it comes to math-related terms. It helps grow the knowledge of bonds, stocks, cash flows, initial investments, etc. as well as math formulas related to finance. Plus, I can use Excel to help make complicated things easy (ie. NPV, IRR). I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in finance, but with no experience (just like me).
Excellent course to give an overview of the Financial World. If you want to know the finances of your project or what the Finance Department in your organization does, this is the course to take.  The course strikes the right balance between theory and practical examples and perfect for learners with little or not Financial experience. A big thanks to Professor Weston. Loved and enjoyed the course.
This is a great course for non-finance professionals. The course expectations can be met even with a working schedule and other outside commitments. The time level required to complete is reasonable. The instructor does an excellent job presenting the material and the capstone project brings it all together in a "real world" environment at the end. Overall I enjoyed the class very much. Thanks!
Would one hundred percent recommend this course, professor Weston is really good at explaining details of vague concepts and provide you with many questions to practice. One thing I would say is that the final capstone case is harder than expected, so you might need to consult your previous notes and read the context very carefully. Overall, great class I have ever taken online!
The way the professor has explained things is really noteworthy. Understanding the concepts to initiate more reading is the most important aspect i found in this course. Please suggest more reading resources if possible. Forums need to be more active as well.Thank you for introducing finance. I will definitely make use of this knowledge for further transactions with finance.
Mr. James Weston is such a great instructor! I was able to understand most of these materials because of how clear the deliverance to us (viewer). Slight problem with The Capstone Case which has several 'unclear' instructions/questions. But overall it was challenging. As long as you follow the course carefully, you will pass all the assignments with great understanding.
Very helpful course.  I have a liberal arts background, but the instructor makes the content and concepts easy to digest for anyone.  It's a well-organized course so you feel like you're building on what you're learning each week.  It definitely made me feel more confident in my career change from the non-profit space to business.  I highly recommend this course.
Delighted to learn the basics of Finance in a very effective manner which I could not have learnt thru the books. Really the teaching methodology leaves the long  lasting positive punch on my mind and examples relates to the basic understanding. Quizzes are really nice and test and revises our understanding of the subject. Thanks and Regards____ Bimal Mehta
One of the interesting courses I've attended. It incorporates all the basic concepts involved in a finance environment, and helps you get a clear idea about applying them in all sorts of firms. It also consists of an assignment i.e a capstone example where we need to apply all the concepts in a real life scenario, which is interesting.
1) It's not boring2) It's very helpful3) It's very easy to followProf. Weston did a terrific job in making this course very easy to follow and understand, particularly for someone with non-finance background like myself. The videos and materials are also well-made and are much better than those in other courses I've applied before.
This is definitely the course to start off in Finance for Non-Finance Professionals.  I sample other courses and never felt satisfied as with this course.  I'm definitely going to sign up for other Corporate Finance Courses, but this course gave me the confidence and solid foundation to build upon my newly corporate finance acumen.
I was a beginner in finance. I was intimidated by financial terms. This course does a wonderful job in breaking down the complexities and displaying it in a very simple and understandable manner. The practicality of this course is also amazing. The discussions with an actual practitioner were the best parts of this course.
A very good course for those who don't have any Finance background but are interested in it. This course gives you an insight into the Financial Matters and helps you to make better decisions. Also the Mentor teaches in such a way that you find yourself familiar with this field. Very nice course and the way of teaching.
I think that it is a very well organized course.  The professor has a talent in teaching the materials in a very easy to understand manner.  I thought I would audit the course, but, after going through the video lectures, I changed my mind to take the course.  I enjoyed learning the materials outside of my field.
Wanting to pursue a career in finance, I have learnt a lot from this course. The course content was well organised. Further, I now have a better understanding of the basics in Finance. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in finance in general or to anyone looking to pursue a career in finance
Many universities offer this similar content course, yet,  this course explained very nicely and keep me interested in all the time. It made the hard to understand part easy. The professor did a great job. It's a pleasure to take his courses. :) This has brought me great impression on Rice university too.
This is an amazing course! nicely structured with each week building on the past week and bringing everything together wonderfully in the end. Great for people who need a basic understanding in finance! Learned a whole lot without feeling like my head was being bombarded with factsHighly recommended
I strongly recommend to do this course to those who are interested in studying Finance with zero Finance knowledge. Everything about this course was helpful. Every lecture, quiz and at the end Capstone case was helpful. i certainly got idea about what  Finance professionals do and how they do it.
The professor provides an excellent overview of finance.  I work in a different industry but the examples provided gave me great insight and gave me an appreciation into finance.  I can see myself using the tools provided in my own personal finances, and also evaluating different types of assets.
I am extremely thankful to Prof. James. This course was very useful to me as i got to learn many different concepts of finance and its real time applications. I am an engineer and looking forward to pursue my masters in finance.This course will play a key role for my upcoming journey in finance.
Since this is a course for people with no finance background, I wish there were more explanation on concepts and how they all get tied to one another. I have to say that the final assignment helped a lot with this, but I wish there was even more of such assignments and variations of it too.
Mostly a great course, but I suggest in the capstone and final to show mistakes we made and how to correct them and as well if we put for example 1.5 instead of 1.50 you should count it as correct and calculator and excel answers are different so you should consider both as correct answers.
A truly amazing course for anyone who has no idea in finance field. I had done a finance course at university but feel like I understand it so much better now as the convenor explains it really well and simplifies things for better understanding. Enjoyed it heaps!!!! Highly recommended
Excellent course. Videos and materials are extremely well prepared, the sequence throughout the 5 weeks of the course take you step by step in a logical way. The professor speaks clearly on the videos, looks excited about the topic. Enjoyed every bit of the course, well worth it.
Extremely helpful for beginners. I started learning using the financial aid. It was a perfect start I was needing to launch my career into finance field. I give my word to help students like me study through coursera by donating to the financial aid of some other students.
Excellent course! The level of details and the way information is communicated makes it very easy to understand. Linking the course to real life scenarios makes the course a must have for professional. The course also contains exercises and questions to keep us engaged.
This course is very well designed and delivered. Really liked the style of teaching. It definitely helped me understanding key concepts from finance. Highly recommended for people having no background in finance but come across terms like EBIT, BPV, IRR in their work.
Really enjoyed the financial breakdown of publicly traded companies. Also, a way to show the overall health. Additionally, knowing and understanding interest rates is extremely beneficial. Even outside of the financial arena, knowing this information is beneficial.
Excellent course! The distribution of the subjects and the time that its invest in each one is ideal. One of the best teachers that i've seen, not only his knowledge but the way that he can traspass that knowledge and make you understand really difficult concepts.
An excellent learning platform for the ones who have no commerce background . precisely taught by Prof.James Weston. easy day-to-day life examples are used to make things easier to learn . would recommend each one who is looking forward a career in finance .
An amazing course that's engaging and leaves you wanting to learn more after every lecture. Good balance between learning and application as well. Highly recommend to all who wish to learn some fundamentals of finance in an intuitive and understandable way.
Spectacular course! Week by week I keep learning a lot. This gives me tools for me career path. It helps me to understand the decisions the CFO or company may take during a project or which is the role of a CAPEX in a forecast. Thanks so much!
Name of this course tell youeverything , this course give enough info and wisdom to read  and understand balance sheets , income statements and cashflow statements of companies . This is my first course  and I'm happy that I took this course
I'm from non-finance professional :) and this course has taught me so much. I will use this as a refresher every now and then to not forget about what i learned in this course. Thank you so much to the whole team who are involved in this.
This is a good course for non-finance professionals to begin with. The professor is very knowledgeable, clear, and gives real world examples. Although, I would have loved to have more practice quizzes based on concepts after each week.
Very good class for an introduction to corporate finance processes and use of various methods for capital investment analysis.   Course modules were effective and the quizzes/homework assignments tied back well to the class material.
Highly recommended. The videos guide you in an easy manner step by step to the more complex topics. Without you knowing, you on Week 5 with lots of new skills and vocabulary in your pocket. Expect at least 4 hours per week.
very well done introduction to finance and many other aspects of what drives decisions in a company. a challenging final project really wraps up all you've covered in the past weeks, giving you a complete final big picture
Really a fabulous course, the teacher explains each and every concept in detail with many practical examples. The practitioners' insights after every week act as cherry to the top of the cake. A course must for everyone.
Even for a real non-professional this course is excellent! I always was interested in this field, but taking this course has helped me so much, since it explains important measurements and calculations very simple.
Very informative and excellent course. The instructor explains all the concepts clearly and gives examples time to time that makes it easy to understand deeply. I will highly recommend this course for beginners.
Excellent course. Anyone who does not know anything in finance can go for it and gain crisp understand of the finance. Very much needed to anyone, finance being inseparable part of life, regardless of industry.
This is a very well developed course and also my first online course. It's really easy to follow and keeps you engrossed. The topics are very well threaded and makes the entire learning experience fascinating.
The course is very interesting to learn.  I being a full time working non finance professional, I am sure I will be benefited a lot through this course.  The teaching methodology is excellent.  Thanks a lot.
This is a very well designed course. Taking you through basics and in the end puts you in a real business scenario where you are expected to take a decision based on the tools and concepts you learnt.
Excellent course for non-finance professionals.It will help to understand the financial report and will help to calculate ROI and other stuff that the corporate world demands for any project proposal.
Best Course on Finance I have seen so far !! Professor Mr.Weston explains very clearly and also has designed the course efficiently !!! Knowledge could be applied directly at workplace :)
This course exceeded my expectations and I strongly recommend for all non-finance professionals.  I particularly enjoyed the teacher's ability to explain even the more intricate concepts.
The  teacher did a great job explaining difficult concepts in a way they can be understood by non-finance professionals. I learned a lot of tools I can use in both my job and daily life.
Very insightful and refreshed the concepts I learned in a much better way! Professor was extremely good at conveying the course in the best way possible to comprehend complex topics!
Prof. Weston gives wonderful presentations. Also during the lecture videos you are given some prompt questions that help maintain your focus. Good introduction to the finance world.
If you are an absolute noob in finance as I am, this course is just for you..Just that sometimes you would have to google a bit for a few terms .... Brilliant work by Rice Uni....
Totally enjoyable! Big thank you to Prof. James Weston, his team and Coursera for making this course available to al of us,the curious learnes wherever we may be on the Globe!
The first e-learning course I took from Coursera, it's so great and interesting.Thanks for the Faculty of Rice University to provide the well prepared and presented content.
I really enjoyed the instructor's recordings. He made things very clear and his enthusiasim was infectious. I only wish he was one of my professors when I went to college!
This is a full of content, very focused and well thought-out course. Mr Weston stays on topic and presents the material in a very coherent, logical, clear way.
I really enjoyed this course as a non-Finance professional.  This is enabling me to better communicate with Finance resources on my team - on their terms.
Great material. The instructor made a very boring subject somewhat fun. I still think bankers are evil but at least I appreciate their work a bit more :)
very informative and well designed course that will provide you all the necessary finance info necessary if you are of an engineering or arts background.
Solid class and a great teacher that breaks this down into easily digestible classes with practice quizzes that test your understanding of the material.
The professor is very prepared and enthusiast. He makes the learning very effective and enjoyable. Good topic, clearly explained with great experience.
Great course, learned a lot about reading financial statements and basics of conducting business valuation and investment assessment, very nicely done!
Excellent lecturer, keeps the content compelling. Good worked examples and helpful quizzes to apply your knowledge. Video length seems just right.
It is a very interesting course and I have learnt a lot of new concepts about every day finance which will be useful for my career in the future.
One of the best finance course I have done up until now, I would recommend this course who have an interest in finance and want to learn basics.
Definitely ithe course provided knowledge & informations to the learner!I had learn somethings new & hopefully,this may make my work smoothly !
I had no prior knowledge on Finance. The course helped me a lot. The Instructor was very good. He explained everything precisely and clearly.
Thanks for the wonderful teaching from James Weston.Best for Non Finance professionals.I appreciate the support given throughout the course.
Professor Weston was a terrific instructor... I related to the way he explained things and his walkthroughs of problems were very thorough
Great Course, it gives very good insights and understanding of the finance world. I enjoyed it and I believe it will help me in my career.
excellent course, really have to think hard and use your wits to and use all the tools to get the answers. grateful for doing this course
This is an excellent course taught by an excellent Professor. It was easy to follow and very interesting. I highly recommend this course.
This had been a great learning experience. I wish Prof. James keep providing such courses with Financial Aid option for students like me.
Beautifully structured. Thanks to the Professor and the team who provided me with such a great knowledge I gained attending from my home
A great introduction to finance concepts such as DCF, NPV, IRR, discount rates, and the usage of these in the capital budgeting process.
Amazing course and a great professor! Recommend to anyone who wants to study Finances but does not know where to start from! Thank you!
The case study is amazing. It is complicated enough that a sincere attempt lets the student learn about many of the topics discussed.
I learned a lot in this course about the finance field. Professor Jones was really superb in teaching and very engaging lectures.
Amazing content. Although I do not have a commerce background but still did not face much difficulty while learning this course.
Great course for beginners who are interested in learning about key basics of finance. Instructor teaches the concepts very well
Very well designed course for non finance professionals. Gives fundamental knowledge of finance in an easy and interactive way.
It conveys the topic as fun as possible and with nice examples. Concepts are told in such a manner that it makes a great sense.
Exactly what I needed to increase my financial knowledge. This will give me a good base to continue on other financial courses.
This is one of the classes that I would recommend to anyone whom is interested to horn their skills and knowledge on finance.
Excellent basic course for non financial professionals. I have learned how to apply some tools into my day to day activities
Fantastic course that gives you an overview of all the financial tools needed to evaluate companies and projects performance
Informative, interesting, and very insightful. A bit too difficult for someone with weak math skills. But a good challenge!
Very nice course. The instructor is great and it's a perfect start for anyone who wants to learn the basic finance concept.
Brilliant for people who have no background of Finance or people from Science Background. Thanks to James for such classes
this is a great head start for anyone transitioning into a new (or more financially based) career or academic training.
the best course on finance for the ones who wants to understand and get better on their skills, I recommended 100%.
Very well structured course. The instructor explained complicated topics in a very simplistic and interesting way.
Excellent course. The professor was very clear and to the point and always tried to make it easy for the learners.
It's cool to do classes from prestigious universities, especially when learning how to be financially literate!
I really enjoyed this course as it simplifies the subjects and we build some excel sheets.Thank you professor
I have found this course very interesting with easy to understand lessons. Great job and recommended course!
This course is adding my knowledge regarding cash flow and basic finance for non finance department. Thanks
The professor was excellent and the content was great too. Loved the course. Waiting to get more from RICE.
Very good video lessons and the general outline of the course was "just right" in both timeline and content
This course is really good for the one's like me who are new to finance and want gain knowledge about it.
Very useful knowledge for finance sector. Really a great exposure and expanding in the career milestone.
Amazing course ! Prof. James is having immense knowledge of Finance.His delivery of speech is excellent.
A lot of Learning and analyzing about the basic of Finance  to enhance my knowledge and understanding.
Excellent course, gives a basic understand of the financial parameters used in day to day operations.
I gained insight in financial issues with the help of the course. It is practical and easy to follow.
Great course. The information was very relevant and the teacher presented it in an engaging manner.
Awesome content and execution. Focused delivery and student-friendly approach. Highly recommended!
Wisely & Nicely Designed Course. I Loved it...Now I am able to Involve in Deep Financial Matters.
Clear courses with good talk with the practitioner. Didn't get the certificate because I'm poor
The instructor explained all concepts really nicely without going into much technical details.
Brilliant course. Does exactly what the name suggests. A quick revision of all the concepts.
Very good course! Awesome professor with great materials and exams to take. Totally worth it
Great course. It was an insightful journey to understand what accountants are looking for.
There's some confusion in the final exam, other than that, the course materials are great!
Very organized class structure. Very useful for nonprofessionals indeed. I learned a lot.
this course is very helpful interms of learning the capital budgeting tools and coc etc..
A really great course, every notion is explaine in a very simple and understandable way.
Excellent course for Non-finance professionals to learn about important financial terms.
That course is completely suitable for the beginner, very easy to understand, recommend
Very informative course, flows smoothly and enjoyed the presentations and discussions.
The videos explained the topics very clearly, it was a great experience, thank you!
I am glad to graduate such a good program ,Thanks Turkcell&Riceuniversity&Coursera
I enjoyed the course a lot and is very inspiring to pursue my degree in finance.
Great course for people with little knowledge of finance. Highly recommended!
very basics were covered and it helped me to grab at my own pace. Thank you!
Excellent course! High quality content and very nice presentation. Thank you
Easy to understand and well presented. I acquired new knowledge on finance.
A good concise refresher course to sharpen the financial management skills.
Very well explained and heads down to Rice University for making the course
I got new information. It will be useful for my own financial decisions.
Super useful as an intro class for people who have some econ background.
Excellent course, learnt a lot and the Professor was funny and engaging.
Best course for non-finance professionals. Shout out to the professor.
Great experience, good lecturer, extremely clear explanations, thanks!
An awesome course to get introduced to the exciting world of finance!!
Very nice corse, useful for professionals with no economic background.
Great course for somebody who wants to learn the basics about Finance.
Thanks for this interesting course! I will use new skills in my life!
Professor James is amazing. Thank you so much for making this course.
Interest course! Gives me an insight on the business world operation.
This course really helps me refresh the knowledge about Finance :)
Amazing!!! Thank you so much for this fun but challenging course.
The course give me finance basics infos for my professional life.
Great platform to learn the basics of finance. Loved learning it.
This was an excellent course and I highly recommend it to others!
Very well structured and clear course. Professor is truly amazing
Excellent instructor and the content of the course is excellent
Great lectures. Step by step explanations, easy to understand.
Extremely helpful to clear the basics of finance for anybody.
It improved my skills a lot and cleared concepts of finance.
It was great.I learnt Finance Princiable ConseptThank you!!
it's simple and clear with professional finance knowledge.
Very helpful and practical. What an impressive professor.
Thanks a lot to Rice University, Coursera, and Turkcell!
Excellent presentation and explanation by the professor.
thank you to everyone who contributed to my own career.
I have gained a lot of valuable information. Thank you.
Very good! Learned a lot of useful financial knowledge.
The course gives a good overview of a firm accounting.
Its a great course, and i enjoyed the week 1 so far,
Excellent course designed by Professor James Weston
This is a great course! I'd recommend it to anyone!
Great course for an overview of finance knowledge.
Very concentrated, non boring and informative! :)
Really good for non finance people get knowledge
One of the best online courses I have attended.
A concise and simple introduction to the field
THANK YOU RICE UNIVERSITY AND TURKCELL AKADEMİ
very good course with a well designed schedule
Easy to understand and very helpful for career
great and simple courses. Thanks James Weston
Very detailed course with hands-on exercises.
Well structured course to understand Finance
Very interesting course and well structured
Thank you very much for this nice tutorial.
It was good. Well worth my time and effort.
Thanks for all this perfect experience :))
Really helpful, easy to understand course
Great class for non-finance professionals
Very specific and clear explanation !!!
Thank you for such valuable oppotunity.
Really great intro course for finance!
amazing amazing course. Learned a ton
Great course for non-finance people!
Great course, valuable information
I'm very grateful for this course
enjoyed the course! very helpful
Its very helpful for beginners.
Excellent course for a beginner
It was very instructive, Thanks
Great course. Highly recommend.
very clearly and very logically
What an adventure! Thank you!
it was life changing for me.
OP guy teaching OP course!!!
Outstanding course material
IT WAS AN INTERESTING CLASS
The course was spectacular.
very useful details inside
Amazing course. thank you.
many thanks, great course
Amazing course to learn
Aboslutely great course
That was very helpful
Thanks for eveything.
Excellent refresher!
Very nice course !
Very inforamative
good course to do
thank you !! :)
thanks!!!
thansk
thnks
