I was genuinely happy with the course.  But I kept trying to complete the final part and it kept saying that I did not complete the past segment.  I was completely frustrated.  May not have been the instructor's fault but made the experience rather dreadful.
El curso es muy bueno, sin embargo meditar en inglés me es complicado, ya qque mi lengua materna es castellano. Aun así grabé mi voz con la meditación y las realicé. No me permite hacer las evaluaciones, lastimosamente, por tanto sólo tomé las clases y la información. Eso lo agradezco. Me doy de baja porque no puedo pagar ni este, ni otro curso, ni un certificado. Muchas gracias, porque aun asi puedo disfrutar las clases que imparten.The course is very good, however meditating in English is difficult for me, since my mother tongue is Spanish. Even so I recorded my voice with the meditation and did it. He does not allow me to do the evaluations, unfortunately, so I only took the classes and the information. I appreciate that. I am unsubscribing because I cannot pay for this, or another course, or a certificate. Thank you very much, because I can still enjoy the classes you teach.
Wonderful course and I recommend this course to all
Beautiful course and so easy to understand and relate to.. Full of information that can be used beyond the course and i am truly looking forward in practicing what i have learned more.  I especially loved the moments of practicing meditation with the instructo (it showed me how to do it properly instead of trying to figure it out on my own). Loved this course..
It was more than I expected. Good theory sessions and nice practices, very good course. It is my pleasure to recommendate this course.
I am glad that I had selected the foundations of mindfulness. Overall, this course is well designed, the lessons are sufficiently paced to benefit learners to get the best out from the practices. I would recommend the foundations of mindfulness to busy people whom could not fine time to relax and reflect. It just takes less than 20 minutes of their schedule for a meditation practice for an overall balance in a purposeful life.
Excellent course! I absolutely loved it. Changed my mindset about life and will help me with my own clients.
Wonderful practice-based Mindfulness course!!!
This is a great course on mindfulness and meditation. Material is very brief and everything is useful, complete and necessary. Teacher is very positive, good explanations, nice case study (example of the student), nice meditation audio tracks. I really organased myself and practiced regularly. Forum (discussions) are very useful, it helps to see that you are not alone with your hardships, back pain and monkey mind during meditation. I recommend you this course for sure!
Just to say thanks to Dr Elizabeth Slator and her time from Rice and Coursera. Thanks!! Time well spent in doing this training in Mindfulness. Now, I have the awareness to stop when I am doing something, a simple task only for the sake of doing. It is really nice to stop  and appreciate and be grateful looking it  with a different eyes what nature, life have to offer.
The course was engaging and inspiring. The influence of this course in mindfulness has allowed me to transform my inner thoughts and mindset to find more positive feelings and be able to grow older with a new set of skills developed through guided meditation. I hope that I continue to enjoy the practice of mindfulness in my daily life.
This course, to my mind, is very valuable.  It will help students become more focused, attentive, and aware of the surroundings.  Students will have a new set of eyes, and will notice things which they have taken for granted before.  I wish I had this course when I was younger.
Initially this course helps in opening our ears and followed
by insight view on both breath and body.I would like my sincere gratitude to start from Buddha , Jon
Kabat-Zin , RICE(Professor Dr.Elizabeth), Coursera and not least our sponsored  Group of College RAMCO.
I know my review will sound like a pure marketing but anyway - this is really great course and I can really recommend it to everyone who is interested in mindfulness. I enjoyed it very much. You definitely have to try it!
Although I was familiar with some of the techniques used, I was made aware to many insights that were new to me. It was a good grounding space to start and deepening my relationship with mindfulness and myself.
In four weeks you can move from someone who has never experienced mindfulness to someone who has a solid foundation to build a transformational practice. I highly recommend this course!!
If you are scrolling through reviews to see if you should join this course, do it, it is really good and the professor gives great lectures that will engage you with the content.
Absolutely a powerful course, this is something I will take with me professionally and personally. With co-workers and relationships outside of work.
It was really nice to carry out this course. Dr.Elizabeth Slator is a great lecturer in this topic. All explanations and videos were really useful.
Very nice course. Thoughtfully designed mindful meditations which can be part of day to day life to bring in more mindfulness in life.
Excellent course, great teacher and the content is very suitable. With or without expectations , beyond. Very grateful student!!!
I am very impressed with the teacher and the way of narrating all the lectures beautifully. I thankyou and hope to look forward.
Amazing course! This is really eye-opening on a lot of levels and allows you to start your journey to being mindful.
This is a very good introduction to mindfulness meditation. I hope Dr. Slator offers another course on this subject.
The course is a great combination of theory/good explanation with practical introduction to meditation practice.
perfect way to live, perfect time to do some mindfulness exercise trough Foundations of Mindfulness course
Excellent course if you want to know The Real You inside You.
Excellent course for those who wanna explore new insights..
Excellent course. I highly recommend it to everyone.
Very good! the first step for a long journey!
Great course.Recommended
