The first few weeks were fine, but I had a really hard time listening to the professor. I found her use of terms/phrases like "so", "notice", "of course" "as you can see", to be excessive, frustrating, and condescending, especially when, often times, there were no visuals to back up the "notice" or "as you can see"... I found some of the quiz questions to be overly complicated for the amount of time that this course is supposed to occupy. It would have been much easier for me if the professor used animations more than the use of string and writing on the white board, which I found to be harder to follow. Overall, after the first few weeks, I wasn't a big fan of the teaching style of the course, although I can see how the content is very interesting.
this course only contains only theory and theory no practical animation which makes very easier to understand... so this course is not at all helpful for me... :(
I had  enrolled for the course due the keen interest to know more about immunology. But I was not at all satisfied with the course because it seemed to be more complicative and the way of teaching was too bored.
i want to unenroll it
First few lectures were AMZAING. But after the second week things started to get difficult and many idioms were not explained . the professor spend much time talking about animals and other species immunity while passing quickly over the important things. Sadly it's not the course for me .But thank you for taking the time i'm sure other people will find it useful.
Complex material for sure but I really didn't like the cartoonization they chose
It was a beginner-level course, not intermediate as offered.
I enjoyed learning from Dr. Novotny. She presented this material simp with a lot of helpful visual aids and graphics that made the concepts easier to grasp. The structure of the lessons, having them broken down into 10-15-minute videos, made it easy to keep track of where I stopped and easier to reference lecture materials.
Excellent moderator. I wish the discussion forums were more interactive so that some of the gray areas could be clarified. Overall, great content wonderfully explained
Personally, i think the course is pretty well done. First it teaches you the overall view of the inmune sistem which helps you understand how it works. What i didn't like that much is the content in the last 2 weeks, because it takes a kind of difficult approach from the genetic perspective, and it's actually kind of hard tu understand. Maybe it could be explain with a little more of detail o maybe pause in between, So we can be more orientated. From my point of view, i'd get very confused at some points. Anyway, in general thoughts it's a really good course.
I'm only auditing, but considering a certificate at some point in the future. It won't be good for other schools as credit, but it might add to my academic portfolio. So far this class is informative, the information is entertaining to learn, a little bit more elementary than I would expect, but good for beginners.
Nice and systematic arrangements of the contents along with the pictorial and model view makes me to understand the contents in the simple and easy way.It's very important and informative course to understand in the basics and easy way.
It is a nicely crafted course for beginners and for persons who are interested to know more about immunology. Although I had to make some extra efforts to pass the exam, the overall experience was great. It was both learning and fun.
thoroughly enjoyed it. the instructor is amazing and saved my life as my teachers weren't able to teach this subject in a manner i could understand will now go on to complete the other two
The first three lectures were really great and questions are well constructed. The discussion and presentation got a little confusing on the last two lectures.
This was an excellent course. I learnt a lot new terms and the whole session was much more enjoyable due to the great personality of the professor.
The professor takes you through immunology using a collection of memorable metaphors that enable you to visualize the concepts clearly.
I like it very very much. but I can´t get my certificate, it says to verify my account, I alredy did it but it is not working
The quiz  are really hard specially at 5th and 6th week syllabus. However, this course dives deep into immunology.
This is a very nice course. This course helps me a lot to gain knowledge in my interested feild.
Is very much interesting, it give the basic of immunology, just that is too lengthy
An excellent course for medical students who are interested in Immubology
A good course, but the impression is spoiled by minor flaws. 4.5 stars.
Very informative and a really good understanding of the Immune system
Reaching the end it gets a bit boring, nonetheless, you will learn
Much more difficult than advertised, but a great way to learn.
A little bit Hard but very informative and had fun learning
Good Course. very informative
The course has good depth and is well presented. If you plan to take this class for academic credit at your academic institution later, this online course should be very helpful. The handout materials need some work to be practical, but I learned a great amount of basic knowledge. If you already know anything about genetic sequencing, it would be helpful. It is the only part of the course I felt very uncomfortable with.  I would recommend this course to anyone serious about learning the immune system from the foundation. It is not a course for the casual learner. You will have to repeat view some lectures and do some side internet searches to understand all that is needed to finish, but I think you will find it time well invested.
Highly thankful to Coursera for providing me financial aid . The course is well designed, structured and instructed by Dr. Moon Novotny. Lecture delivery was concise and very insightful to grasp the basics and subject theme as a whole by the demonstration of antibody structure, its gene arrangement as well as B cell maturation. This course surely helped me in research and I would highly recommend to students and researchers worldwide.
This was a great course. Immunology is my professional speciality and I still managed to learn new things. The lecturer is very knowledgeable and very engaging. All with all a great course.
This class teaches the folly of over writing exam questions that do not teach application of concepts, like they think they do, but rather turn an already complex field into a guessing game as to the psychology of the tester. No "all of the above" questions. No "doesnt this sound similar" questions. And label your diagrams! When you discover she writes for the MCAT - the stupid questions make sense. All that said: it is a brilliant class! And so is the teaching. But if you dont have the outline from class one (or have no med background): you will struggle. This is hands down one of the most labor intensive extension classes Ive taken.  But I also did clarify a few things, and am glad to have done them. I did OK in under a week; but  have neuro undergrad and MMed Epidem under my belt. I wanted to refer this to my mother for the content: but i know the exams will see her bail out quite early and miss all the excellent teaching. If we can allow people to learn, and test their knowledge without scaring them away - that's the holy grail. For medicos: it is a fine reminder of why you never revisit things too far outside your final specialty unles you have to. But honestly, a really great course.
The professor is excellent. She is engaging, charismatic and fun. She presents very complex material in a digestible format and ties together why these cellular mechanisms are so vital to the real world. She is not focused on having studies memorize information, instead, she wants us to understand the concepts as evidenced by the critically-thought out quiz questions she presents. The tests are open book and allowable for 3 attempts but most importantly, the questions actually TEACH you if you take the time to read the right and wrong answers. If you do some digging as to why your answers are wrong you will truly learn.  I wish that all instructors were as holistically-focused on conceptual learning as this Ms. Novotny. Five out of five stars!!! I've recommended her course to multiple colleagues.
Dear Professors, Thank you very much for your fantastic lectures, i am a biotechnology faculty members and my area of specialization is microbiology. it was a great opportunity for me and my students to learn fundamental immunology course facility provided by our college via coursera  in the COVID 19 lock-down period. Thanking you
I love this course. The language used is simple and easy to comprehend. The staff uses various examples which further gives us a better understanding of the subject. This course would be one of my strongest recommendation for anyone with a life science background.
I'm a Biology student, It's an amazing professor, excellent explanation with clarity the question, Highly recommend, If you have interest do join now,  I'm going to the second course.
Very instructive introduction to the field of immunology. It dares to simply the material a bit when necessary, yet still provides the student with a lot of insight in the matter.
The best course ever and the material provided during the course to illustrate the knowledge is amazing
As a teacher i would like to express my deep sense of gratitude to coursera and rice university team to be a part of this course. As a teacher in higher education sector, this course in innate immunity and b cell function really helped me to enrich and update my knowledge on the subject. To be frank, until joining this course, i was unaware of some microdetails on generation of antibody diversity by nucleotide additions and different order of gene rearrangements, evolutionary immunology etc.  Course uses simple videos and models to explain these details (like different loops in igs). Few questions were difficult to follow (to understand) - possibly due to grammatic mistake? or need sentence revision? after all an excellent course....
This course was extremely helpful and surpassed my expectations in multiple ways. The professor's style of teaching and presentation made a huge difference in my ability to absorb new information. I am a very visual learner, and her visual props and cartoons really helped me distinguish between cells and various parts of the Ig structure. Her humor kept my attention throughout all of the lectures. This is a very high-quality course offered at a very cheap price.  The course is challenging, but very well organized with all of the material structured for successful completion. I am more than excited to continue taking additional courses offered by this professor. THANK YOU!
I was very surprised to find that this course was highly engaging and taught excellently. I found myself looking forward to my study sessions (which is very rare, as I tend to find it a chore), and finished it in a week because I spent several hours a day working on it. Although none of the content is new for me (I previously studied this during medical school), it was a refreshing revision of all the concepts I had mostly forgotten about, and this time I think the knowledge is actually going to stick. Literally the best teaching I have ever experienced, miles better than any lecture I had at university, and I'm hoping to complete the next two courses too.
I am absolutely delighted with this course and this teacher Alma  Moon Novotny! It seems that her head is just a bottomless source of knowledge. Everything is very well thought out and planned. I liked how the material and video is structured and organized. Special thanks for the file with the lecture materials - this is very convenient. Individual applause for the style of the lecturer. these decorations and outfits with an owl are beautiful !) It is a pity that there are no subtitles in Russian - there were difficulties with translating some concepts and speech turns. Some statements in the test tasks are difficult to understand when translating.
The argument of this course is not an easy one, but the professor really tried to help us, by giving us an outline from where we could follow every lesson and explaining what we did wrong in the practice questions. Sometimes the videos may seem too long, and that's why it can take quite some time following this course. Professor Novotny did a great job at introducing Immunology and I believe this course really helped me to better understand how  our immune system works, which is quite useful for me, since I'm a Biology student.
Perfect. Just P-E-R-F-E-C-T. I can't even create a whole new adjective for describing how overwhelming this course is. It's certainly not a waste of time taking it. If you like learning or looking for getting deeper into what you already know about immunology, this is the RIGHT course. Amazing, just amazing. Thank you Coursera, RICE University and  Alma Moon Novotny, Ph.D. for this incredible work and great complete material you've all prepared for us. They're all dynamic and truly favour for our learning.
I have a background in Molecular Biology and Virology. I recently joined a biopharma company where Immunology fundamentals are key to understanding the projects. This course sure is a wonderful starter. Dr. Novotny's explanation of each course with animations and models were very helpful and it was easy to understand. I learned a lot. I cannot wait to start the other 2 courses in the series. Thank you Dr. Novotny and coursera!
This is a challenging course, but the subject is innately complex and also fascinating.  I enjoyed the professor's wry humor.  The course goes into great detail about the genes that lead to the formation of receptors.  I found this difficult, because I haven't had a biology course in decades.  It is helpful to read about gene expression, transcription and peptide formation before undertaking this course.
This is an amazing course that helps you organize and gain knowledge in immunology. The professor is great at explaining and the quiz/exams are also helpful!  I am a postdoc in biology (specialized in neurobiology), and the contents in the course will help me better understand how animal physiology works, and potentially come up with new ideas in my research! Thanks, Prof Novotny!
I love it! Prof. Alma Moon Novotny is an amazing teacher! Her teaching method using models was very helpful to explain such a complex subject. It helps me finally understand the immunology concepts that I have been fighting for a long time to learn. Thank you for providing this amazing educational material. Certainly, it will be valuable for my future research projects.
Thank you for this opportunity. I truly appreciate the concept of free education, even when it is for a limited amount of time.  Perhaps you could consider to give the opportunity to take course and exams for free if all is done within 7 days after enrolment. In this way only people that require more time to learn and practice will pay.
This course is challenging, but incredibly rewarding. The immune system is not easy to understand, but the quality of these lectures breaks down the material into a very organized, digestible course that you can get a lot out of. If you are interested in better understanding the immune system, I would highly recommend.
Professor Novotny provided relevant context that made a complex subject comprehensible for me.  I really enjoyed her analogies.  Her thinking questions in the tests required me to truly apply my knowledge to get them right.  This could be the best course I have ever taken in my life.  Thank you so much, Prof. Novotny!
Prof Dr Alma was amazing in describing and repeating each detail of the coursethe questions she offered after each video were very helpful to keep your attention the duration of the video was very appropriate not too long yo be boring or distracting the PDF of the course was very helpful thank you very much Dr Alma.
Great course. I came into this with a basic understanding of biology and genetics but little to no background in immunology, and found the course quite easy to follow. I really like the shorter video lecture segments and the practice quizzes after each lecture to ensure the material was understood.
This course was really amazing. I can now say that I have learnt the concepts very well. Concepts in this course are taught with pictures and animation, so it becomes pretty easy to understand. Quizzes at the end of each lessons make us thorough with the concept. I Enjoyed this course.
I enjoyed the class and found it an excellent way to review material that I  haven't looked at in several years. I enjoyed the material on the molecular biology of the gene rearrangements that take place during Ig development. I'm looking forward to the next class.
This was an excellent course, it helped me a lot,  i took it co-requisitly with my university one, i felt i gained more here than i did with my university module. Dr Alma Moon Novotny was awesome, she recapped and spoke slow enough for me to grasp the concepts.
By far, the best online course I have ever taken. It completely exceeded my expectations. The professor is inspiring and she teaches every topic thinking about better ways for you to learn (cartoons, animations, 3D models, etc). I am extremely thankful.
It is a nice lecture
series. Helpful in understanding the concepts of immunology. Most of the
concepts of immunology are clearly explain diagrammatically that helps me easily
understand the things. Lastly, thank you , professor, for such a lucid lecture
This course is really good. The professor explained the concepts really well and the quizzes were fun to do and really tested my knowledge. I really struggled in immunology but now I feel so much more comfortable with the subject. Thank you!
A finely structured course with an efficient mentor who delivered it so beautifully! I am so looking forward to proceeding with the second part of this specialisation series! :) Biggest thanks to Coursera, Rice University and Prof. Novotny!
The best and well-organized course for beginners and also for intermediates.  It was like blessing fro me to joining this course and learning and clearing the basics concepts of immunology. I am falling in love with this course.....
So far, I am thoroughly enjoying this course. I love the enthusiasm and passion that the teacher teaches with. Moreover, I love how the teacher has summarized all the major concepts into tables, making it easier to remember them.
This course was a lot of fun! Definitely requires some basic cell bio and genetics as prerequisites, but nothing too deep. It ramps up near the end with some really nice, in-depth explanations of V(D)J recombination.
Excellent! Videos are enough. may require re-watching. Professor Alma Moon Novotny was really good. She's cute and has come up with lot of techniques to make things harder to forget. Would love to take more courses.
So far the lecturer has been very entertaining and interesting in her explanation of various concepts of immunology. I am excited to finish this course, which will be relevant to my future studies.
The course presents with excellent step-by-step detailed explanation of immunity from the systems biology perspective: starting on organism level and going down to the cell and mollecular levels.
Excellent course, I will review all the videos, the information is very complete, excellent for med and biology students. I'm impressed with the facility that teacher can simplify the content.
Actually I'm the person who hate immunology because of lot of complications and terminologies involved. But this course helped me to clear those concepts and learn immunology in a better way.
Professor Novotny is one of the best teachers I have seen, she  has such a good sense of humor and she makes learning fun and easy....and   I love the owl T-Shirts she wears! 8-)
I really liked this course, I am a doctorate student with no medical or human biology background so this course was a really great start for me to introduce myself in immunology
The way of teaching and the way of conducting tests are excellent. I was not much interested in immunology until I start this course but now I started loving the subject.
This is an amazing course where all scientific materials presented in a very interesting, engaging and easily comprehensive way be the brilliant Professor A. M. Novotny
This course is an amazing introduction to immunology. It really helps to understand the basic concepts and helps to alleviate the theories and understand them better.
This is a knowledge-packed course and the instructor is very lively and engaging in her teaching. I would definitely finish all the courses in this specialization.
A difficult course for non-biologists explained in a very simple manner. I really liked the energy which with the instructor takes these classes. Appreciate it!
It was an amazing course, In med school we don't receive enough immunology classes and It's really important for understanding each disease and their treatment.
Really understandable up until week 5 and 6 where it gets complex. Although the lecturer does a great job of giving real-world euphemisms for complex topics
Professor Novotny creatively engages students and makes learning interesting and understandable. I really enjoyed this course and would highly recommend it.
I was very happy and benefitted learning this online course. Hope this has improved my basic/fundamental in immunology and will help my research as well.
I really loved the course and it did meet my expectation. But if the content were organised it could have been great. My instructor was really amazing.
Its was an amazing course as I ya microbiologist student it help me alot to understand about organ, immunity, ag-ab interaction.. Really enjoyed it..
I had a wonderful time doing this course! Professor Alma is a phenomenal teacher who made me understand all of the concepts at ease and a lot of fun!
Excellent course. The professor is very interested in how the student will visualize and understand the matter. Also, it is a very complete course.
This is a fantastic and very instructive course. It is really fun to watch the lessons, the material is excellent. This final exam was a bit tough!
The course was very interesting and enlightening. Professor Alma has explained topics in a very interesting manner. thank you for this opportunity.
The course was immensely helpful for me and had attractive explanation through model and pictures which gives more insightful view of the subject.
it was an interesting course and the lecturer really made the work simple to grasp and the per review feedbacks were really assisting. Thank you.
I actually really loved this course. I found it very interesting and I learned a lot more on a much deeper level than I initially expected.
It is excellent if you want to know how your body works without being afraid of getting lost in dense concepts and complicated vocabulary
This course is very useful for anyone who is starting to study immunology or wants to improve his knowledge about general immunology!
Simply amazing!! Really appreciate the work done by all the people involved in this course. I was able to learn a lot!Thank You :-)
Great Professor. Funny and explains material well. Gave me the real quirky science teacher experience that I loved in Undergrad.
Course was really helpful and gave a correct and required information.  Each and every topic was well explained and interesting
Was really  useful and interesting, especially because words came with meanings and references. Her enthusiasm is contagious.
Amazing Course. I'm happy that I got to appreciate innate immunity and the functioning and production of B cells. Thank you.
Super accurate, relevant and works with engaging enthusiasm which is contagious!  Draws you in like no other professor :)
full thank for taking time to do it, my natal language is Spanish, but is very interest for me it type of course thanks
it's a very interesting topics becz the learn lorts of knowledge it's very good experination too good this course
Excellent course! Easy to understand, magnific use of graphic resources, wonderful professor. Highly recommended.
If you're in Pre-med, Biology, Biotechnology or Life science field, then this course is totally worth the effort.
It was great and I have learnt a lot. Hope to have the opportunity to study the next two courses in Immunology.
I like a lot about immunology. I have learnt a lot from this which will help me in my professional field!!!!
This is a very nice  course for beginners and for persons who are interested to know more about immunology
It is a wonderful course that provides a good way for me to understand the basic concepts in Immunology.
Great course, maybe a little too detailed for my taste or needs, but very nicely presented. I loved it!
I really felt a lot of improvements and I hope I can improve my studies after joining this lecture
Excelent. Congratulations. I have learned a lot. Very organized lectures, tests and handout.
It was very helpful for me . I learnt about different immunological funtion for this course.
All tthe materials that given is nice and good! I learned a lot from this course, thankyou.
Great teacher and the structure of the course!! For the, the best out of three offered!
it is an elaborated  , tailor made course for me to know what exactly immunology means
Dr. Novotny is a wonderful professor that I wish I had as a teacher in my university.
Excellent course on Immunology. Everything is explained down to the molecular level.
It is so good providing us the basic knowledge about this. Boosting our confidence
The professor is so great. She is wonderful. Thanks for all immunology teachings.
although this is my first experience in online learning  i am pretty much happy
Excellent and very good fundamental knowledge imparted on basics of immunology.
Great in style and content (but requires prior knowledge to follow all-through)
One of the most detailed and well-taught Immunology courses I have ever taken.
Thanks very much for the course. It had a good information. I benefited a lot.
Very helpful and high quality content! Congratulations to the whole team! :)
Very in depth look at the field of Immunology!  Perfect for times like this!
Thank you for the interactive and fun lessons throughout the 6 week course
Very good and interesting and good lecturing.Thank you ma'am for the gives
It was a great course with wonderful material and organizing very well
A really well taught introduction to the Fundamentals of Immunology.
Loved the class. Learned a lot and it was reasonably challenging.
Strong and pretty thorough introduction to a fairly complex topic
The professor makes the course so interesting! Highly recomended
This course is provide me fundamentals immunology in great sense
This is by far the most informative course I have done online.
Excellent teaching! I learned so much in such a short time.
Thank you for the well taught course i have learnt alot.
the course was informative and i learned a lot from it
Professor  has explained the Concept simply and neatly
Very good course and a great instructor. Thank you.
I am completely satisfied with what I have learned!
This course is Very interesting.Thank you soo much
the best course that approaches you to inmunology
Wonderful course with interesting illustrations
Very good in reviewing pricipals of immunology
it was an amazing journey! thank you Ma'am :)
Its very interesting and knowledgeable corsh
it improved my knowledge thank you so much
It was an informative and excellent course
Really well taught and easy to understand!
Very sequential and detailed information.
Very good course for learning immunology!
one of the best course i have attentend
Best introductory course to Immunology!
It was such a informative course.
The professor is phenomenal!
Thank you , great lectures!
a fun, non-boring course :)
it was great! that's it!
Great refresher course.
Its Kind of Cool!!!
Knowledge
