By the end of the first week of the course, I was feeling that the authors are thinking about ASD as a disease that needs to be cured (as opposed to the idea of neurodiversity). The shameless promo of the MIND institute at the end of week one made me do some research on them — and what do you know, at least two of co-founders are adepts of 'vaccines cause autism' religion, which kind of explains it all. As an adult diagnosed with ASD, I find this course extremely dangerous, misleading and offensive.
The course looks fine, but is slightly weird. Looks more like an advertisement for a while, but some of the data and affirmations are still slightly weird. So, I've checked the comments and it seemed this institution supports the link between autism and vaccines. It's nothing secret, you can find it in their webpage, but I think the course try to avoid the topic on pourpose.Considering the lack of scientific evidence for this, I will not recommend this course.
Lightweight and marginally informative. While it is clearly aimed at a lay audience, a deeper presentation of the scientific foundations of the disorder is sorely needed. If you're interested in the etiology of autism, you'll need to look elsewhere.
Simplistic, not current on most recent developments and research, very little attention given to adults with ASD, and people with ASD very minimally represented.
Quite short videos. Mainly promoting their research rather than a thorough introduction of ASD.
It promotes ABA.
It was good but I didn’t get my certification I bought for it Please contact with me.
this class supports autism speak which is at its worst.
This course portrays autism as something negative by referring to symptoms as "red flags", by supporting Autism Speaks which talks about autism as something horrible that needs to be cured (and who does several other problematic things) and by having ties with institutions who believe/propagate that autism is caused by vaccines. How Coursera let this course on their platform is beyond me and I have already made an official complaint against them. I hope this course gets taken down and that the creators will be ashamed of themselves.
I was really, really hoping that this course would be educational. I personally work with an individual with AS and I excepted to have a better insight into some of the things he goes through. So far, however, I have found many of the lectures condescending. As a person with a disability I find it highly offensive when people speak like they're doing the person with whatever kind of disability a favor for even helping them. People with disabilities are just that, people.
They gave false claims that the course was available in Spanish. How come someone thinks that just because the videos have subtitles, it's considered as an "Spanish Course". I encountered the horrible surprise that the test in each module was in english. How you expect me to answer those questions if I'm not an english speaker, but again, you claim that the course was in Spanish. Shame on you.
Based on stereotypes and unevolved misunderstandings about autism. Little substance supported by the actually autistic community. Not a course that enables understanding of the neurotype.
I found it very easy. But if you do not know anything about Autism, I think you might would contribute from it.
Short, superficial, and sometimes even condescending towards people with ASD.
This course is informative and introductory. It has a value in generating a general awareness about ASD. It would be useful for parents and learners who are new to disability issues. The content can be used for introducing and familiarizing with clinical practice with ASD. But this course has the limitation on following grounds1. The contents of the course are coloured with medical perspective and with pathological view point2. At some point this course appeared like an advertisement for the institute and its research work3. This course tried to cover too many things like theory, practice, research, experience and so on. But at the end it failed to do justice all4. Finally the contents are infected with virus of medicine, market and military science. Terms such as intervention, package, therapy so many terminology. The unfaithful use of "social" in few instance look like an altruism to social science by dominant discipline.  I am sure that this course has market. Evidence based research/ practice will corroborate it. Best wishes
They do have some useful information within this course, but a majority of it is pushed to perceive autistic people as diseased and something to be fixed. One example of this negative teaching is when they provide resources from the hate group Autism Speaks. If you really wish to learn about Autism Spectrum Disorder, youtube videos from autistic individuals would be far more useful and accurate.
Aimed at those needing to get services -- in a spectrum of family living. Too much on California systems, not enough on direct coping with day-to-day.
Lots of theoretical information but very little practical information about what to do with people with Autism Spectrum Disorder
Clear and factual course with well presented materials. I found the scope of the course to be very narrow though, lacking a diversity of perspective and no consideration given to the new directions that international autism research is taking. For example, the challenges to the role of theory of mind in autism deficits or the research being conducted by autistic academics. There are autistic individuals working in academia who are responsible for more than photocopying and making the tea! It is also somewhat telling that Autism speaks features prominently in the recommended reading, not to mention the implied ABA bias in the intervention module.
A good course in terms of content that is shared. Not so good in terms of pedagogy and teaching method.  Doing this course is equivalent to listening someone Voicing power point slides  on the screen word for word 90% of the time. That  is not why most of us join these courses but that is what comprises 90% of the instruction. Balance 10% comprises short videos and interviews with esteemed personalities from Mind Institute, parents of autistic children and of course, Temple Grandin - that is the part worth spending time on. Also the test questions are very poorly set. Why is it important to have 5 questions in a quiz, of which 2 are asking - what percentage of children need this or that - basically testing rote memory of autism statistics? How exactly does that help learning?  Note - I did pass all the tests and the course with flying colors - so this is an impartial observation :)
In general, I enjoyed the contents of the course. It's a general overview that introduces all aspects of Autism Spectrum Disorder which is exactly what I wanted. However, half of the final week is a list of established and emerging practices, so this was quite boring. I could have read them off the screen faster. My least favorite aspect of this course is that you can't take the quizzes without buying the certificate. Currently, the certificate won't assist me; I simply wanted to learn more about ASD so as to be more informed. This was quite frustrating because I use the quizzes as a means of checking my understanding and retention of the material.
Very helpful information particularly in the earlier weeks. I found the last couple weeks less helpful because of the large quantity of listed interventions without elaboration/examples - I did read the attached report but would have found it helpful to see some of the interventions demonstrated either via a video or diagram. Temple Grandin is a great documentary and I appreciated hearing her perspective regarding tactile sensitivity. She's also a great example of a person with autism who has developed her strengths and worked around her weaknesses and is a highly functional and successful individual. Overall enjoyed this class. Thanks!
It seems like a good course, with lots of information. However, it is presented so quickly that I am unable to take adequate notes. Points are also made in a circular way, stating a few points and then coming back to each point with more detail, then coming back to those sub-points again. It's very difficult to follow. Finally, some of the extra videos had such poor quality, I couldn't make out what was being said.Disappointing.
The content of the course was very interesting, but it was not something "unique" as such. I am a student of psychology, and most of the content covered is in my basics, so not much seemed challenging. But taken as a course that aims to inform the general population, it did a good job.
Good course covers everything related to ASD ,I feel the lecture goes at a very fast pace without explaining much. anyhow I completely enjoyed the course I being a special educator is confident enough this course has widened my horizons. Thanks to the UC Davis mind institute team.
Interesting material. The course stays on a introductionairy/beginner level, and fails to go deeper. Course finished in a couple hours. Potential to improve by adding more material, scientific articles. Many aspects of the ASD are not discussed in this course, it's not complete
Could be more computer friendly. Had good information but hard to engage because the majority of the lectures are just powerpoints with the professor talking over them.
There are some errors on the quizzes in between the videos. I had to skip a lot of them because it wound't accept the correct answer. I liked the testimonial videos.
It's very focused on the American system. (which isn't bad, but it's not for me.)there are problems with the sound not fitting with the image shown sometimes
The material was good, but I really think access to the quizzes should be free. Especially since so many lectures all but advertised the UCDavis centre.
The course had some useful content, but there was too much time spent on USA centred materials for an iavailabe course.
Good course ... but it gives so basic information. I wish it gives more deep and specialized information about autism.
overall experience was good, but efforts could be implemented to stream newer videos and develop smarter quizzes
It was interesting but not profound. You had to buy the course in order to submit the quiz.
a good course, especially if you are not too aware of Autism
very basic for an occupational therapist,
Good introduction to ASD.
It is a good introduction couse, but I think it would be really helpfull if they provide further reading for each topic.
Thank you for such great opportunity to study the ASD in completely new way. I am not American, so it was really wonderful for me, to look at ASD from another side.I think this course could be a little bit deeper in questions like teaching methods for children with ASD, but this topic is so big, that it`s hard to learn it just in 5 weeks. Nevertheless, I have finished this course in 1 day, not 5 weeks. I would like to appriciate for the scholarship, which gave me a Certificate, which I will use in my future work.Hope to study more about ASD, so I will think about applying to the University of California, Davis, for Master`s degree. Good luck everybody!
Although it was only a general overview of what autism stands for, this course was quite helpful in explaining the basics. The subject is nevertheless vague even for specialists who cannot exactly point at certain causes or treatments, but it is relieving to know that research is being done and more and more people can receive specialized support for this kind of problems. It's a pity that one cannot finish the course (that means, do the quizzes) without paying for the certificate, and since I don't need a certificate, I still feel like a lost a bit of what might have been a motivation to pay even more attention to certain aspects of the lessons.
This course was a great overview introduction into ASD.  The information was presented so the information was not overwhelming.  You begin the course by looking at ASD from a wide-lens down to details.  This is recommended for anyone who is interested in learning more about ASD and then to take more details classes as needed. The videos that were part of the course were informative.  There was not a lot of discussions nor was this class led by any instructor.   I wished it had links to more articles or more in-depth information, especially the weeks on the developmental areas.
As an autistic female adult myself, I loved the course. t has lots of useful content and easily understood. My only criticism was that it was not mentioned in the sessions how female autism presentation has become more understood in recent years. In the 80's, it was widely agreed upon and taught that Autism only affected males, which we now know is not the case. This has led to an avalanche of females only receiving diagnosis is adulthood, myself included. Please update the course to reflect that. Thanks!
I would like to highlight that the content of the course is well explained. Detailed structure of the course is pretty appreciable and enhancing of the subject knowledge. The quiz provided at the end of every week is a great self knowledge check. What I wish to emphasize at this context is that the area covering the 'Cause'  of this Neuro-developmental disorder should be added in the course. Awareness of the cause of any disorder helps to prevent the occurrence of such disorders. Thanking you!!
Thanks for the great information.  Hope to see more classes with updated information on research and treatment in the future.  As a grandmother of a child with Autism, this type of course is much appreciated to counter all the claims and theories that are made in media, books by non-professionals and anecdotal articles coming from either a romanticized view of Autism or playing on the hopes for a miracle cure that is a predictable phase following diagnosis.
It was great as an introduction; but would also like more in-depth content. Also perhaps things like how with "an increased rate of autism" (which as we've just learnt is more about an increased rate of accurate diagnosis), what specialists and therapists are doing. Particularly if the diagnosis is done really early on, but also how to move forward if unfortunately it's only managed to be identified a lot later in life.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! The information taught is well structured and highly relevant and useful in understanding the Autism Spectrum Disorder. What I loved most about it was the sharing of personal experiences from individuals with ASD and their families. However, some of the information may be abit too much and too technical for common folk like me who only require a basic understanding of autism.
A very good course, thank you. I have two criticisms that are intended for constructive purposes: 1. the material is often limited to the USA. Being based in the UK much information, while interesting, does not apply to the state of affairs in the UK. 2. The lists that appear on the slides often fade the first thing on the list as the second appears. This is inconvenient for note taking. Thanks again, Louis
Had a fantastic time with this course! The clear, thoughtfully-made lessons were excellent! My only qualms were that the quizzes were on the easy side and the course only took about 3-5 hours to complete-- definitely something you could complete in a single day if you wanted to! I would have liked more content that would have truly taken me 5 weeks to complete. Thanks for the helpful info!
Very good and clear overview of the diagnosis and characteristics of childhood autism and the assessment and choice of effective evidence-based treatment and education. There is very little about adults with autism, and there is no interaction facilitated between learners or between learners and educators.
This course has a lot of information it. However, I felt I was left with more questions than answers. But, that could also be due to the lack of information and research available. It could also be restructured into a different  order of the classes/weeks.
The course was a very helpful one in giving a holistic understanding of ASD. It offered perspectives of various stakeholders involved. It also facilitated access to a vast arena of evidence based practices in helping individuals with autism.
This course was a good introduction to ASD.  I was hoping to learn more about how to best serve students with ASD, but this course was not designed solely for educators.  I will now look for a more specialized course in ASD.
thank you very much for this very helpful course. It was very beneficial as I have been able to apply directly  in my work setting what I have learned during the last past 5 weeks.
As an instructional aide for special education I found this course very helpful.  Every bit more knowledge we have  about ASD can help us educate and support our students.
Well done overview of autism. The assessment however were way too easy. The quizzes are not difficult at all if you send any time reviewing the material.
An intresting course. Lectures are small and very easy to comprehend. The whole course has a great structure and help you learn and remember things!
I enjoyed the first 3 weeks' lessons much. Next 2 weeks need improvement. More real life videos,experience might have been more helpful.
Nice simple introduction. Opens the doors for learners to follow up on areas of greater detail consistent with their indivudual needs.
very useful course. gave insight into a lot of the issues faced by children with asd. a little more detail would be even more useful.
It is wonderfully created. Although i must confess I was expecting a little more on the side of neurobiological explanations
Thanks for the rich and well conducted course. It was very beneficial for me and I recommended it to my friends.
Thank you for this great course which has a lot of valuable information about autism and intervention practices
Good but short course. The statment of acomplishment is unaviable. 50$ for short course is a big price
wonderfully designed course for an introduction of understanding the spectrum and EBPs.
I enjoyed the well informed videos that aided in understanding ASD. I loved the course
It's a really great class to know about Autism. The information is sufficient as well.
Statistics not relevant for those outside of US, but good general info regarding ASD
great course. It would be made even better if it included more medicine. Thank you
Nice course deigned by a genius person who think about Inclusion in society.
This course was very insightful and detailed. Enjoyed learning this course
Comprehensive course- gives a good overview of ASD across all age groups.
It was excellent, but I expected more feedback in the discussion forums.
A great overview especially for those with limited knowledge of autism.
The course needs to update data from CDC regarding rates of prevalence.
Very informational. Seemed to be geared towards parents and caretakers.
Very clear and complete for a first approach to the ASD
Really helpfull but more of a general look into autism
Great course. A general look into autism. Thank You.
great initiative and very enlightening. thank you.
An excellent approach to this vast world of ASD
I'd like to learn a bit more about ASD.
Very useful course. Well explained.
Great basic information
I enjoyed this course.
Too much USA focus.
nice but too short.
Very interesting and informative.  I taught children with special needs for 33 years. I think this course would be very helpful to new teachers and anyone interested in learning basic info on ASD.
My 2-years old niece in China has just been diagnosed as a ASD child. I took this class to help the parents understand the disorder and take prompt steps to start intervention when she is still young. The class is concise and informative. The 5 week contents provide just enough information for parents who have ASD children that has just been diagnosed to briefly understand the challenge and solutions of having an ASD child. I find the videos that illustrates how ASD children behave and what the proper intervention needed from parents, friends, and teachers very useful. By participating the class, I understand what ASD disorder is and I will pass what I have learnt to our big family so everyone has a correct and positive perspective to ASD and offer help to alleviate the anxiety for the parents. This is a very good course.
I took this course about 3 years ago when I was first assigned to work with high functioning students with autism.  Although I had many years of experience working with students in various learning environments,  this position was my first time working specifically with autistic kids.  This course was a real eye opener and helped me better understand how the mind of a person on the spectrum works.  I gained a better understanding of Autism after taking this course and have used many of the strategies taught in this course with my students.  If you are employed in the education system and will be working with students on the spectrum, I would highly recommend taking this course.  The information you will discover about this disorder alone is worth investing the time.
Loved the videos, lots of good material. Wish there had been more discussion, but I was so busy, I might not have been able to participate very much. Overall helpful and useful in my profession.
This course provided an excellent review and knowledge of ASD. I think it is imperative that all staff in a school setting take this course to better become aware and familiar with the students
Enjoyed the breakdown of the lessons from the core characteristics of ASD, to the DSMV diagnostic criteria, increasing rates and demographics, patterns of strengths and weaknesses, the explanation of Theory of Mind, and finally the evidence based practices and interventions. I am glad that massage therapy was listed as an emerging intervention. Massage has helped my son, and many other children on the spectrum, with sensory regulation and activation of the parasympathetic NS to help calm the fight or flight response, and tactile defensiveness. Would love to see UC Davis MIND institute do more research into this area, like that of the Touch Research Institute. Excited for more research and information!
This course has been very informative. Each lecture is very well organized and provides detailed descriptions of the many difficulties that many autistic children have to face and try to learn coping skills  so that they can be in a world that may frighten or upset them. I  did an internship at the League school in Brooklyn and much later saw a child with  Aspergers Syndrome from the age of four to the age thirteen. This course described the many programs and  the availability of information about Autism for teachers and parents. I learned about the wide variety of the symptoms of children with Autism Spectrum Disorder. I really enjoyed taking the course.
The course is quite amazing.. It improved my knowledge regarding behavioral changes and role of educators and therapist in this field.. I must appreciate the way of delivering lectures and the content.. I wish i could attend classes in UC Davis Mind institute as i found this spectrum quite interesting...  I hope other classes would be conducted regarding Autism or other neurodevelopmental disorders with further content at coursera so that i could better understand the process of dealing with those suffering individuals.. Thankyou v. Much the instructors :)
Such an eye-opening course featuring a remarkable work of the experts at UCDavis Mind Institute. Thank you for sharing such valuable and practical lessons. I like the mini quizzes in between lectures as they help review the lessons in chunks. The videos and the variety of suggested activities are really helpful and make the learning dynamic and exciting, igniting my curiosity (from watching Temple Grandin movie, signing in to Autism Navigator to deepen our understanding to reading the reports on Evidence Based Practices). Thank you so much!
I work in a Verbal Behavior classroom for toddlers diagnosed with ASD, and i am also the mother of a little girl who has Angelman Syndrome (a severe neurodevelopmental disorder with many crossover symptoms of ASD).  I found this to be an very well done introduction and overview of the basic aspects of Autism Spectrum Disorder.  I was pleased to see that the sensory integration issue was addressed so nicely.Thank you so much for this course.  I hope it will be helpful to families and new staff alike.
Thank you so much for all the effort to conduct this course.
ASD is not a disease that can be cure only using pills. Lots of interventions,
understanding and tolerances are needed, from parents, siblings, medical
professionals and communities support is important for person with ASD. Person
with ASD can become better with all the support. Education and awareness to the
general public are also helps. This enlighten the burden of parents or
caregivers.
An excellent overview of the developmental characteristics, academic implications and the emotional and behavioral challenges individuals diagnosed with ASD experience.  It also provides some challenges families face when caring for a child with ASD.  The importance of understanding evidence based practices and access to evidence based practices for individuals affected by ASD across the ages is paramount.
The course provided a great introduction to Autism for any level of learner. I have had prior experience with children on the spectrum but found this to still be helpful. Week 5 I think could have been a course by itself! I would recommend this course to others who interact with children on the spectrum in any form whether it is a friend of a family with a child on the spectrum or other roles.
As a new teacher of students with ASD, I am glad this course was available. I learned great background and foundational information which gave me a better understanding of students with ASD. The course also gave lots of information and resources for further study. I will recommend this course for other individuals who work with or interested in learning about individuals with ASD.
This course gives us important information about the ASD which can be usefull for professional who due with kids and adults with ASD such as families whose have kids or adults with the ASD. I am a Brazilian doctor and I've a sister diagnosed with ASD. I'm sure that what I've learned will be very usefull for me either as a professional either as a sibiling of a kid with ASD.
This is a very well organized and very interesting course, with a lot of useful information for those who work or intend to work with children. It also gives you an insight into the world of adults with autism, which is not a subject you can usually hear a lot about. This course can motivate you to investigate further about ASD, and it gives you good reference points.
This course has encouraged me in continuing my studies on the autism spretrum disorder in many aspects. On one side, I am a med student, and all knowlodge on dealing with any disorder is critical, and this course is definitely a base for who is still beggining; on the other hand, I know autists, and studying will help me to be a better friends, colleague and relative
This course is very informative and I have learned what I wanted to know.  I recommend this course to all that are in contact, on any level, with individuals on the Autism Spectrum.  I would like to recommend including what the incidence of co-morbit conditions such as OCD, Depression, ADD/ADHD and the like, in individuals with Autism, at any level.  Thank you
excellent overview of ASD.  You do have quite a few typos in the course text and slides which was distracting.  As a former editor, I would recommend you have someone review your materials--it makes UC Davis and the MIND institute look unprofessional.  .  Also how do I get my certificate of credits earned? The website is not navigable in this respect.
The course presents a great deal of material and statistics regarding the determination of the large range of behaviors associated with children with autism. What was most surprising for me was how many areas of learning, development and social interactions are affected by autism, e.g. Theory of Mind, and how difficult and varied the interventions.
I took this course because my ten year old son was diagnosed with autism. Although the course was developed for a wide range of individuals (from interested laypersons to professionals who work with children and teens)  I would heartily recommend it to any parent, grandparent, sibling, or other relative who would like to know more about ASD.
I loved the course, I learned a great deal of knowledge. There are a lot of information about ASD that I didn't know, the exact and proper definition, the symptoms, red flags, EBPs, among others. I felt hopeful about the Early Start Denver Model, and I hope many young children with ASD are able to participate in this type of intervention.
A well put together course that is easy to follow and understand. The videos and extra reading material enhances the contents and is very useful. The provision to download and the transcripts help to manage time and provides an option to suit ones learning style. A must for people who are beginners in the field of special education.
It's been a wonderful experience for me knowing more about Autism Spectrum Disorder. it provided me a lot of insight into ASD with evidence based practices that has being tested and empirically proven to work in helping children and adult living with autism to reach their full potential. i recommend this course for everyone.
Very informative and well presented materials. I found it a very good option as someone without a large amount of background knowledge on the subject, and came out of it with more than I started. Would definitely recommend for anyone looking to learn about autism whether in a professional or personal perspective.
I have a new level of appreciation not just in the practices, some of which I was already introduced to by experts and others I encountered here for the first time, but in the unestablished practices which I now see that a lot of professional tend to portray as effective when it is not fact or research based.
Quick to the point in all videos. This was a great experience and I enjoyed learning more about ASD. Mind Institute is very interesting and I will be looking further into what other research they are conducting. This is a A+ class to take if you are looking to further your education on topics concerning ASD.
Really helpful. Very interesting. Especially the focus on evidence based interventions is going to be really helpful at working with people with ASD. As I worked with adults with ASD I found it very good, that this group was referred to too, not only children with ASD. I really enjoyed the course. Thank you!
This was an accessible, interesting and user friendly course. I was able to find several new resources for working with children with Autism that will lead to better outcomes for them in an educational setting. I would recommend to any educator or parent seeking to better understand individuals with autism.
Really nice course. Good videos, clear and informative, in-video quizzes that help memorize the most important aspects in each lecture and indications of supplementary material. Also, very informative about how ASD is treated in general, and especially in California. The interviews with parents are amazing!
My Name is Charles Meyer. I would like to recieve a certificate from the university itself.  I have done courses through Coursera and on completion of the entire programme received the certificate from the said University (I dont mind paying for it to be shipped to me.Kind regards, Charles (+27833766745)
I took this course as a refresher to make sure that I am up to date on the current EBP and diagnostic criteria. I liked the smooth delivery, the effective visual presentation, and the currency of the information. I would recommend this course both as an introduction to ASD and as a refresher.
Very informative for a beginner who wants to go further in this area and help individuals with Autism Spectrum Disorders. Very encouraging and inspiring for a professional to know there are so many other professionals who strive for the same goal of making  lives better for this population.
I had problems to understand better about ASD (Autism Spectrum Disorder) because my 3 year old daughter been diagnosed as Autism Spectrum Disorder. The doctor explain yet I still couldn't clearly understand about after learning this course I clearly understand what is ASD all about..
I love the information that was given in this training. It helped me learn about how to see signs of autism and so much more! Everything was made easy to follow and understand. I'm so happy I took this and would recommend anyone wanting to get an outlook on Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Amazing course. Helped me learn a lot. I think people around the world really need to understand autism in depth to truly relate to their peers suffering from it. We all know people with ASD and we need to be able to understand them in order to make them feel loved and integrated.
Thank you Ms.Patrica Schetter.And also a big thanks to coursera for giving the opportunity. It was an amazing learning session. The course was structured in elaborate but also an easy to understand manner.  Thanks for the great leaning session. Looking forward to more sessions.
This course was very clear, simple and practical designed to learn about Autism Spectrum Disorder. We get enough information about condition of the people who are struggling with Autism and how we can help them. Thanks a lot Professor, for creating such a useful course. 🌹🙏🏻
I JUST CAN'T EXPRESS HOW MUCH THIS  COURSE HELP IN LEARNING ABOUT AUTISM AND ITS INTERVENTION. BEING AN OPTOMETRIST, OUR FOCUS ARE ALWAYS ON PATIENTS COGNITIVE AND BEHAVIORAL THERAPIES . IT SURELY GONNA HELP ME A LOT. THANK YOU EACH ONE OF YOU WHO MAKE THIS COURSE AVAILABLE.
Very useful, short and easy course which you can finish in two to three nights, with videos shoting the ASD children's activities in real life, plus interviews of their parents and ASD adults doing the sharings. Learn a lot and hope to pursue in a career to support ASD.
Very informative. I teach high school and am seeing more and more students mainstreamed with ASD. For some, it works out, for others it does not. Clearly, a case by case experience. I appreciate being able to take this course online and deepen my understanding of ASD.
ASD as a neurodevelopmental disorder remains undiscovered among mass people & also healthcare professionals. Early recognition of symptoms followed by early intervention is necessary for better outcome. Throughout the course it gives an overview about this message.
Excellent course for anyone wanting to learn about Autism. I am the parent of two ASD children and also a mental health professional. Even though I have been actively dealing with ASD for over 10 years I still learned some useful things in this course. Well done.
This course was extremely informative. It helped me to understand Autism and corrected all my preconceived notions. With a better understanding of who they are, I am less fearful of them and more willing to interact with them. I am so grateful for this course.
This course is a great guide for mental health professionals but everyone can take it. I really enjoyed it and I will continue visiting the recommended websites! It would be awesome a second part about Established Interventions. Thank you and all the best!
I enjoyed learning Autism Spectrum Disorder very much. The course materials were very applicable to absorb. Also the questions which appear in the middle of a video lesson were very helpful in understanding and memorizing the lessons. Thank you very much!
This course has been so helpful in providing me with an in-depth understanding of what Austism Spectrum Disorder really is, how to identify children with ASD, what are their strengths and weaknesses , and so much more. It was a great learning experience.
This course is an eye opener and insightful to the Autism Spectrum Disorder. It has made me appreciate the needs of those on the spectrum. The course has made me realized that Autism is not a death sentence but early intervention can turn things around.
This was a well organized set of lessons about autism spectrum disorder.  I enjoyed every minute of the instruction.  I wish the course was longer and included work with intervention strategies according to age of the individuals we are working with.
This course has opened my eyes into reality in a world of those who have Autism and it has expand my knowledge and made me realize that what I have known was only the surface. Now I can Share my knowledge and understand them more than I did before.
Taking this course has helped me gain greater insight into what kind of things I can do as a teacher to support learns with ASD. I feel that I will make better choices as an educator to create a more inclusive classroom environment in the future.
It is an excellent opportunity to learn more about ASD, with a variety of materials from excellent professionals and fantastic families. I do lectures about autism in Brazil and I am sure that this course has contributed to my work to be better.
As this is a topic that we barely see in our degree, it's been such an enriching experience. I've gained more knowledge and a better understading about ASD. And what can professionals do to help them overcome future obstacles in their lifes.
Great course to learn more about Autism Spectrum Disorder. Also provided great resources to learn more such as Autism Navigator where you can see videos of children diagnosed with ASD where they tell you which telltale signs are prevalent.
Fantastically insightful and thorough course about the fundamentals of Autism Spectrum Disorder. This was a great resource platform for parents of children affected by autism, and professionals who are still in training such as myself.
A comprehensive, informative and detailed course which is easy to understand at the same time. The presentation is also excellent along with videos and interviews that supplement the information and help in grasping of knowledge.
Took this course because I have a cousin on the spectrum who was misdiagnosed as ADHD until he was 35.  I believed for at least 10 years before that that that he was autistic.  This was incredibly informative.  Highly recommend.
Very knowledgeable not overloaded and too much theory is not added which really help me to understand about ASD. I find very useful and effective lessons. Design of this course is beautiful. Thanks a lot UC Davis and Coursera
The course was an overview of ASD, but very complete and at to the point. I enjoyed every minute watching not only the lectures but interviews with professionals, parents with children with ASD, and some people with autism.
This course was wonderful!  It gives a comprehensive overview of autism for both family and professionals, and gives the student additional information on the UC Davis Mind Institute and the educational opportunities there.
More than helpful. Highly recommended if you're interested in learning more about ASD. Quite useful in terms of understanding people on the ASD.  Quite convinient in terms on learning how to interact with people on the ASD.
Thank you for the knowledge that the course gives all concerned.Congratulations to the whole team involved in this great work. And thank you to everyone who shared their experiences and enriched the content of the course.
I am an Autistic adult and I took this class so I can understand myself and others on the Spectrum. This is a great class to take if you want to know about Autism. I learned a lot of things that I didn't already know.
I have never enjoyed so much learning something, as I have done it in this course. Thank you so much for this great opportunity and definitely will continue learning and using coursera as a nr.1 learning tool.
I learned a lot of important information that will help me deal with my child, of which I highlight: recognize characteristics of ASD; Strengths and weaknesses; Types of interventions for the treatment of ASD.
Excellent course for parents or family members of persons with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD) and professionals who wish to learn in a general way about the characteristics and interventions of this disorder.
I took this course for personal reasons, my son has Austism. He is now 28 years old but I really wish I had the knowledge I learned in this course many years ago. It was extremely educational and insightful.
My favorite course in Coursera! Easy to understand, really informative, even for me, that I am not a native English speaker. I can't be more happy of being part of this wonderful course! THANK YOU, UC DAVIS!
Easy to navigate.  Videos and readings were helpful and informative.  I appreciated the real life examples given throughout. One critique was that sometimes the data tables were blurry and difficult to read.
As a pediatric neurologist, I got to understand my ASD patients much better now and I hope that I will be able to help them and their parrents to better deal with their condition. Thank you for this course!
What a great overview of what ASD is, thank you for this course! Knowing about the "epidemics" and 1/68 having ASD, I think every educator should take this course to open up their minds for differences.
Very informative and the excerpts from researchers from the UC Davis Mind Institute was helpful in giving me an insight into the kind of research being done there and the interventions being developed.
An introductory course for Autism Spectrum Disorders. Useful course. Introduces you to evidence based interventions and modules that could further enhance your knowledge and understanding in the field.
Thanks to this course, I learned something that I had never heard of. I thank the University of California for the huge number of proven methods that really work. Speech therapists really thank you!
I thought that this course was very informative for being an overview of ASD. I know that there is so much to learn about Autism, but this course was a great starting block for learning about ASD.
This course was short, simple and very informative! The interviews with parents and professionals in the field have provided a deeper insight into the condition and the research surrounding it.
As it is explained at the end of the course, it was a general overview of autism spectrum disorder. It gave me awareness about it and I am thankful whatever they taught me. Thanks once again!
This course is a great opportunity for those who want to know more about Autism and how to work and deal with special children. Congratulations to everyone engaged in this wonderful course!
This was an extremely informative course, as an aspiring Special Education Teacher, I honestly feel more comfortable and precessional in dealing with students with ASD in my internships.
I am extremely happy to have finished this course. Now I have greater security when applying for a job and achieving my ertificacion of certified therapist in autism.

Thanks again.
This course is really insightful and had helped me understand ASD in more details especially the behaviours. I would recommend this course to those want to understand ASD further.
Great course for those looking to gain a foundation on ASD! I wish there was a part 2 with more advanced/in-depth material that could be taken as a follow up to this introduction.
It was a very enriching experience and I have got to learn various areas under autism spectrum disorder and various evidence based practises involved for successful intervention.
The course it's really complete about Autism, standards and treatments, my only recommendation it's the certificate should shows the numbers of hours of study this course takes.
I am verry happy to finish this course. It was very informational and beneficial. I believe that taking this course will help me a lot in clinical environment as an Audiologist.
effective course work to get into what are the effective ways to be of help to the autism community as an educator I was granted resources that i can take with into my field
A great course for introducing teachers or parents to ASD. Found it an invaluable resource for helping me provide support to my students, both on and off the ASD spectrum.
As i m a speech therapist this course was very usefull to me my knowledge in the area of ASD improved a lot.i thank ucdavis and cousera to come with a project like this..
It was really enhancing my knowledge on Autism spectrum and created new ideas for my future research. I found this course as very useful and beneficial for my research.
A wonderful oportunity to learn much more about ASD. Learn specific tools and set of skills much needed for educators and parents to help chldren and adults with ASD.
It provided me some better knowledge about the ASD and how, as a parent, I can be a help to children that are on the spectrum to be who they want to be in future.
Very helpful to understand ASD, the impacts in different skills at different ages, evidence based practices, and the fantastic job at the UC Davis MIND Institute.
I really enjoyed the classed and learned a lot that will help me in my job.  I was just wondering is the certificate sent or do I just have to print it?Thank you
I would recommend this course to any one interested to know about ASD  .As an occupational therapy  this course had given me best information which is helpful .
This course was a great over-view of ASD.  I especially enjoyed the "optional" extension activities that really helped to reinforce my understanding.
A very comprehensive yet detailed course on ASD. As a parent of ASD children, this makes the system support more meaningful and easier to understand.
This course was clearly outlined and user friendly. I learned so much and appreciated the practical side of family learning videos and the readings.
I really enjoyed this course. Interactive and very informative. This has really helped me to understand better children with this learning disorder.
Thanks for this course: it is an important opportunity to learn more about ASD and provides useful and valid references to deepen and acquire tools.
This course helps me to understand my learners abilities especially those who suffers from autism spectrum disorder but has lack of support system.
it was such a great experience learning about autism , the course was very informative and flexible. looking forwards to learn more with coursera
Loved this course. Very informative! And, super beneficial for individuals working in early childhood education! Many thanks from Ottawa, Canada!
It has the information necessary to learn about ASD and in what ways to identify it. Thanks to this I hope to be able to apply it in the future.
First-class information and professionals. I really recommend this course for those interested on ASD. Both parents and learning professionals.
Very informative. I work in a group home with Autistic adults. I'm taking this course to expand my knowledge. I have really enjoyed class.
Well-designed and engaging. Patricia Schetter was personable and blended pertinent readings and videos into the course. Highly recommend.
A good introduction on Autism and related treatment. It provides right information resource and mindset to take care of kids with autism.
Great starter course for understanding Autism.  My 2 year old son was just diagnosed with a mild case of Autism and this was a lifesaver!
Excellent information that was not only beneficial to my career but put together in such a way to be easily understood...always a bonus!
congratulations and thank you for the classes! I learned too much and the websites suggested by the course are great and very helpfull.
This course was a nice overview of individuals with Autism and how to best support them in the most effective and evidence based way.
Very useful. All the lectures were very informative. Thankyou team UC Davis for giving me an opportunity to learn much about this.
Hi, im from Puerto Rico and i speck Spanish. This class for me is so simple, taking on mind that i dont know a perfect English.
An excellent course! Would like to do a follow up course that would give me deeper insights into the autism spectrum disorder.
I learned so much more then I thought I was. I definitely recommend this class. The videos are helpful and will help you pass!
This was an extremely informative course on ASD. It allows me to assess and design interventions more effectively. Thank you.
This course gave me all the information I needed to continue working on my goal to be a  Registered Behavioral Technician.
Very professional and informational introduction to the autism spectrum disorder and how it is being treated currently.
I loved this course, i learned a lot of ASD and how i can help patients from my profesional area. I´m really grateful.
Great condensed overview of ASD and ABA as it related to autism services! Well worth the little bit of time and money.
Very brief and informative. Looking forward to more courses from the Mind Institute on similar conditions. Thank you.
The course was extremely useful and impressive. In my opinion, it is easy to comprehend new information.  Thank you!
Loved it! One of the most complete and scientific/ research based courses I know.I learned a lot! Thank you so much!
This is an excellent course for understanding the basics of Autism Spectrum Disorder. The information is invaluable.
What a wonderful course and great review of the new information on Autism and Aspbergers Syndrome.   Thanks so much.
Really great course for people who want to systmatically learn ASD. No need for prior knowledge in Psychology.
Very good course packed with information! Highly recommend anyone doing any for of therapy to do this course.
Thank you for compiling this excellent Course, I have learnt so much and deepened my pre-existing knowledge.
It's great!! Thank you for this opportunity, I learned a lot. I hope we could work together in the future!
Great course! Really informative and thorough. Will definitely implement these strategies in my classroom!
I loved this course, I found it really interesting and I look forward to using my knowledge in the future.
very informative with latest research for evidence based interventions with those on the autistic spectrum
There was a wealth of good information, strategies and ideas for working with children that have autism.
Love the course. The videos, in particular, were fabulous. Thanks for making my quarantine productive!
The narrator was monotonous, however the course was enlightening to an extent and reinforced learning
Very helpful class for anyone wanting to expand his or her knowledge about Autism Spectrum Disorders.
Very Informative. Great for everyone to establish or reestablish introductory level knowledge of ASD.
The course provides me with a lot precious knowledge of ASD. Thank teachers and instructors so much!
The course was precise and concise and it was good for someone who don't know about autism like me.
Thanks to this training, I learned a lot of information about individuals with autism. Thank you :)
This course was easy to follow and i liked the pace of it. Informative and eye opening. Thank you
Although it was just basic learnings but I gained many and relevant information about this topic.
An excellent overview of what ASD means and well designed foundation program for new beginners .
Great inro course, everybody should complete it for better understanding of people in spectrum.
As an autism parent, I knew everything but the last week. The last week was more than worth it.
I work with kids with special needs, this course has helped to understand kids with ASD better.
This is an excelent course! It gives very valuable information about ASD, thank you very much.
This course was very helpful to gaining more knowledge and understanding about Autism. Thanks
Excellent!! However, you need update the statistic of ASD in USA ... nowadays it is 1 to 59.
thank you so much as a parent with a child on the spectrum this really helped me out a-lot!!
I really enjoyed this course. I am an elementary school teacher and learned a lot about ASD.
EXCELENTE CURSO Y RECURSOS COMPARTIDOS, GRACIAS POR PONER CONOCIMIENTO AL ALCANCE DE TODOS.
This  course was very useful and helpful for special education teachers like me! Thank you!
very informative and the basic information about the disability is covered in simple words.
Great. I wish there would've been some sort of essey assignment, but I loved these lessons
I loved this course. I wish their more like it. I finished it in 5 days instead of 5 weeks
I really liked the didatic approach with wich the course was taken, thank you very much!
This course helped me to understand better Autism Spectrum Disorder. Highly recommended.
The course is very informative . It is  very concise and presented in a very simple way.
very helpful. learnt strengths and weaknesses and also Evidence based practice approach
Deep insight about ASD by the UC DAVIS University Professionals. Keep up the good work.
It's really been a wonderful experience learning so much about ASD. Thank you so much.
It was a very nice experience for me to know about autism spectrum disorder in details
Helpful and thoroughly enjoyable course, which was interesting and easy to understand.
Great course, learned much more than expected re research and application. Thank you!
I enjoyed this course. Would like to see the most updated 2020  version near future.
The course provides an overview about autism spectrum disorder. It was very helpful.
Amazing course to learn and bring more awareness about ASD. Thank you very much :).
This is best course to understand Autism prorperly. I will recommend to my friends.
Fantastic overview of ASD and very thorough. Well organized and presented well.
Great course for parents and teachers. Very informative and easy to understand.
Excellent course. I intend to continue studying about autism spectrum disorder.
Very informative course, gave me a great insight into Autism Spectrum Disorder.
Incredible teaching methodology. It consists of an extremely important course.
This was a great course that gave me an overview of autism spectrum disorders.
Excellent course! This overview in ASD was certainly very helpful. Thank you!
This is an awesome course which give information on Autism Spectrum Disorder.
The course if very helpful, informative and comprehensive.  Great Experience!
It's a fantastic opportunity to any one want to inform any thing about Autism
I learned very comprehensive information in this educational course. Thanks
the course has fundamental information about the autism spectrum disorder
I suffer with sensory overload myself and learned a lot from this course.
Really enjoyed it! Very informative. But looks a little bit out of date.
Learned many things about autism and Developmental disabilities. Thanks!
An excellent pre cursor to understanding Autism, definitely recommended.
I've learned more about ASD and this will help me understand better.
Excellent course, full with good structured content and information.
this class has helped me understand my son thank you for the course.
very great and very informative. I've learned a lot from this course
Enjoyed the videos and explanations. Good introduction to Autism!
Good experience! I'm happy to gain this knowledge about the ASD!
Well spoken and concise. The movie recommendation was excellent.
A very good overall view of the past present and what may come.
Really helpful and accurate to the reality. I loved it. Thanks!
i enjoyed every minute of this course, it was very informative
Great refresher course for professionals already in the field!
It was very interesting and the course is easy to understand .
Very informative and a variety of teaching tools and readings.
Very helpful for all speialists who ontact the patients on ASD
Great insights and understanding at a deeper level. Thumbs up!
Very informative course with good information and resources.
A great course to start studies on Autism Spectrum Disorder
It’s really great experience and course  to learn about ASD
This is a very interesting and useful course! Thanks a lot!
Found the course very informative on an entry level basis.
Excellent Course, would love to do Part II if there is  :)
very informative. i will buy this certificate in future.
A clear, concise, highly informative course. Thank you!
As I am in the spectrum it would be a help to my thesis
amazing course!! So knowledgeable and very interesting
I really really really liked this course ..thaanks..
Absolutamente recomendable / Absolutely recommended.
It was so good to learn more about these challenge.
Extremely useful course for understanding Autism...
excellent, I am very happy to achieve this course.
very very informative and academically stimulating
it is very good to give you information about ASD
Lots of great information that is presented well.
Five Stars - Excellent Course. Very Informative
I learned about Mind Theory, it's very usefull
Good Course Really helpful to understand ASD.
It was a great experience! Very good course!
The best way to learn, I loved this course!
very good course! easy to follow and learn!
Great course. I really have learned a lot.
Very good, it covers a lot in simple terms
Full of information about a broad range of
Very informative and interactive program.
Very clear understanding of the concepts.
Very well explained and very interesting.
Provided great information and enjoyable
truly a wonderful and informative course
wonderful course, terrific instructors!
Great way to start learning about ASD!!
It was a good introduction to Autism.
Very informative, easy to understand!
Very informative and useful material.
I have more in depth knowledge of ASD
Good content and I liked the videos.
Very well done and very informative.
Quick yet thorough overview of ASD.
very informative and clear lectures
Well organisedFlexibleInformative
This course was very informative
Great basic learning about ASD!
Enjoyed the course. Thank you
Really such a helpful course.
lots of information! loved it
Thank you for a great course!
well organised ,updated info
interesting courses to study
Good lectures and faculties
Great info for an educator!
Very comprehensive course!
Informative course on ASD.
Very interesting thank you
Informative for educators!
Very good!Congralutions :)
This is a good experience
Excellent overview of ASD
This Course was so nice.
interesting and updated
Great Class! Thank you!
Very helpful materials.
Great overview of ASD.
Was an Excelent course
Excellent information
super thanks for all
V informative course
Very useful course !
very informativre
useful thanknyou
Very insightful.
well done course
thanks  for all
5 out 0f 5
Perfect!!
beatiful
