It  is one of the best courses I've been through so far. Thanks a lot to Dr. Claudia for mentorship.
Content was a bit dry, felt like it was read by the instructor from a book, some visuals but static.Liked the quiz points but the insertion into the audio/video was poorly done.Content was strong for a beginner level entry course.
I really enjoyed the course set up.  The process is so well organized and time well spent.  I wish that this had been a higher level course with more detailed and specific information but over all well worth the time.
Good general course about Equine Welfare.Although I don´t agree about the left side of horse; I think we must get use to the horse  be comfortable in both sides of their body.
LOVED the accessibility and information given in this course. Will definitely be of great help when become a Vet !
i am glade i was part of this course.i learned a lot from it.
very happy I was able to do this at home and was very pleased with what was covered.
extremely informative would recommend to anyone wondering about equine welfare!
Wow! I thought I knew a lot about horses but after taking this course, I realized that I knew very little. The content was thorough but digestible for the average person to understand. I loved the videos where she used Joe as a model to show equine anatomy, how to check vitals and even how to give medicine. This course covered every stage of the horse’s life and common issues. I found that I couldn’t bring myself to watch the videos in week 6, but thankfully it was transcribed. I wish I could afford to get the certificate because the education in this course is work it. I hope you enjoy it as much I did. Thank you Dr. Sonder and associates.
I appreciate coursera community on organizing such a wonderful course . I learn many new things from this course . This course is helping students in providing direction regarding their future . Being a veterinary studnet i encouraged myself to go on equine practice side in future , though there is no scope of equine industry in our country( Pakistan ). Moreover , i will opt futher more courses about Equines by yours . Thank you very much for providing such a great opportunity . Thank you very much Kind regards Muhammad Zahid Gulshan Student DVM (final year )Bahauddin Zakariya University Multan ,punjab, Pakistan
I did not find this course as challenging as I hoped. However, I am not a horse owner and I definitely learned some important things and feel that this class was definitely worth my time. I now understand so much more about owning a horse and basic healthcare.
Informative for someone who hasn't had much experience with horses. Not as challenging as I had hoped, but still a good thing to review what I know. Good for people who have no knowledge about horses to someone with about intermediate knowledge.
Lots of information about basics of equine management. The major problems faced by owners and the manage-mental practices for better herd management.
I think it is a great course for those who are novice to horses.  As well, it is informative to those of us who have had horses for many years.
Even with my years of horses, this is a great refresher.  And I learned some new things too!!!
Thanks to this course I learned many tips and knowledge of equine management that will allow me from now on to improve my work at the time of living with these incredible animals, in order to give them the best possible welfare and also improve the physical and mental safety of horses and people, the course also helped me to become more aware of all the parameters that must be taken to give horses the best possible life and thus create a link between human and animal, i'd really enyoyed this course tjank you
I am very new to horses and do not own my own horse however after seeing a link to coursera and finding this course was available I felt it would be a worthwhile use of my time during the Coronavirus lockdown. Each lesson took me longer than the video time as I would pause to write notes however the presentation of the course was good and the content was clear. I would definitely do another coursera course - but think I should do a spot of housework first!!!
As a Canadian student, I found this course to be very compatible with the Equestrian Canada Stable Management certification. It has information that I would grade as intermediate in level, but delivered in such a way that it is very accessible to beginners. It provides a very solid entry into education about Equines as a species, their care, and role in the world. The delivery method is also very accommodating to different learning styles.
It is the best course about equids, we learned about anatomy, care, management, behavior, and behavior problems and management, common diseases and illnesses.If you are a horse lover, or you want to specialize in this field, this is the best course.Additionally, it's by the University of California, Davis, ranked like the best veterinary college in the U.SJuan Pablo Moreno / Future Veterinarian
This was an interesting course that covered a lot of topics in the horse industry. It's great for people who have been around horses a long time already or total beginners. I have had horses for years but still learned a ton from this course (mostly learned more about anatomy, diets, hoof and dental care.)
Very interesting and covered a lot. There was a lot I already knew but also some things I didn't know in being in and out of horses much of my life. It will help me help to care for a friend's rescue horses and be more aware of potential problems along the way. Good value for money also. Would recommend.
One of the best courses I have completed. Very comprehensive learning about all types of equines. I would suggest that the trainer must include more real-time hands-on practice videos like in 1st while briefing about how to take vital signs. Thanks
This is a really great course for beginners interested in horses. I'm really glad I took this course, and I look forward to applying this knowledge in future volunteering opportunities!
Amazing course. Correct information, very versatile and took into account everything that is important. Would 100% reccomend. Also very nice with the images and videos provided.
This course covered a little bit of information in a wide variety of topics. The presentations were clean and engaging. I definitely recommend this course for beginners.
Very informative and learning course.As a veterinary student, I am satisfied about this course.Thank you to all organiser for this lovely course.
It's excellent for learning about horses, as a veterinary student I am very satisfied with the course. I learned too much from Dr. Claudia.
that's really a great course and the course open my mind more and more and provide me with more information about Equines.
Very informative and very well explained. Easy to follow for a non expert.    I am very happy I decided to do this course
The course was amazing, I improved my knowledge about equine welfare and all topics were specifically well designed!
The course was absolutely amazing and was so informative. I honestly learned a lot about Equine welfare.
Really enjoyed taking this course! Definitely recommend to all the people that love horses. :)
Good Information provided. I am the veterinarian but i found this course helpful and useful
Great course to improve knowledge about horse management and welfare. Totally recommended!
Very interesting and extremely informative, excellent course material and instructions!
Critical information is discussed in this course for any equine professional or novice.
Took me awhile to complete the course due to covid. Excellent course!
Great course that teaches students the basics of horse care.
Excellent course, great teacher and content ! Thank you !
really enjoyed learning more with this interactive course
Perfect course for anyone planing on work or own horses
Quite beneficial course for beginners and horse owners
Thorough and concise; a real pleasure to complete.
Thank you. This was a very informative course.
This course was absolutely amazing!
it's a very good courser
Really Helpfull
Its fabulous.
