This course is terrible for many reasons. Firstly, the amount of content is ridiculously small - only about 20 minutes of video lectures per week. Moreover, more than 50% of content is just non-relevant. Secondly, practical assignments are very poorly planned: 1) in weeks 3 peer graded assignment students are asked to save Tableau workbooks as twbx files, even though this feature is not supported by Tableau Public that is used in this course. The assignment itself is just opening and saving file in Tableau. 2) in weeks 4 peer graded assignment you just asked to write some vaguely defined 1 page description. It doesn't include any Tableau-related activities.Thirdly, quizzes are ambiguous and very general.Overall, this course is just a waste of time. For comparison, you can easily get more useful information about Tableau from the 4 minute long "Getting started" video on the Tableau website than from  this course. Just wonder how Coursera allows such courses to be places on the platform.
The content might be ok but the support on this course is ridiculous. Mentors/teachers don't respond in the discussions which means assignments are poorly understood. Then 'peer graded assignments' are a joke - how can a peer grade you when they don't even understand the assignment cause its so poorly written. I got completely opposite grading from two different people, meaning one is clearly wrong but both count as my 'grade' - don't bother with this course, save up a few months and go to a real course where you can speak to the teacher and don't have depend on morons scoring your assignments.
I'm sorry but this course is just bad. The fact that the assignments are peer reviewed put you in a dead lock. You are at the mercy of "peers" that doesn't even check the answers you provide and are just plainly rude. Disappointing.
It requires to have tableau Desktop and an account of Twitter, it sould't ask to have an account on any social net and should work even for tableau Online. The level is extremely low and it goes extremely slowly.
Dont really teach you anything realted to Tableaue, its miss leading. I think this course if totally relevant but should change the name to just "Fundamentals of Visualization"
Instructors are great but the peer graded assignments are TERRIBLE....  You can't get any answers on the most basic questions and everybody is just begging to get their assignments graded...  That is literally all that is on the discussion boards...  They have also changed Tableau so the assignments don't even line up right..  Tableau seems to be awesome but don't recommend this course because it is a little time in instruction and a lot of time dealing with stupid stuff on peer graded assignments...  I am dropping in now..  Very disappointed...
I'm sorely disappointed.  I learned almost nothing valuable and found the content to be so basic that I didn't get a good feel for Tableau. I paid $20 elsewhere (UDEMY) and I'm learning a SHIT TON about Tableau through them. Tableau has great free resources too that are better than what I paid $80 for on Coursera. This class is a joke and not worth $80.   As a UCD Alumni I'm embarrassed my school's name is on this.
Do not take this course!! There are peer reviewed assignments. You have to be begging other course takers to review your assignments. I don't have time to beg anyone to review my assignments. Moreover, the other class takers are confused, so they don't know how to grade the assignments. It is a complete and utter disaster. Do not take this course until they eliminate these peer review assignments from the course.
Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau?After you end with this course, you will feel so dissapointed. You will find yourself dropping Measure and Dimensions, trying to understand what a Measure is and what a Dimension is. And what the Mark does. Sure you can toy around, but for such you can download Tableau Public and toy with it yourself and not losing hours to find that just 5 or 6 videos are really talking about Tableau and the rest are chit-chat talking (once and again, once and again) about Colors, Lines, and Charts. Quizzes reveals all the magic: Do you expect quizzes to be asking you about Tableau? Sorry. 90% of the questions in the Quizzes are asking you about Color theory, Principles theory, and Brain theory. That says all. Welcome to the Psyco-world. A joke.This is really dissapointing. And when the course ends, you will discover that you don't know nothing about the Fundamentals. Run away.
Not very informative, it would help a lot if there was some sort of standard dataset that was included with the course rather than picking your own, as the dataset I picked was not nicely formatted for use in Tableau (although I would've been fine making visualizations in Python/R/etc).Final project requires you to post on Twitter. I do not have a Twitter, I do not want a Twitter, I don't understand what Twitter has to do with learning Tableau, therefore I did not finish the course.
Very basic in terms of material covered.  Would be nice as a free remedial class in prep for the main specialization. Homework assignments were confusing and did not appear to have been reviewed by the instructors before being sent to students (main problem, the free software students use was not the same version as that being used to develop the homework).  Instructor support was not evident in the user forums.  Below the quality of the free classes taken in the past.
I thought the presentation was clear, the production was professional, and the instructors were solid. Unfortunately I felt the course had too much "fluff" and not enough functional/technical knowledge. Yes, there are interesting topics... but for a course titled, "fundamental of Visualization with TABLEAU," I expected a lot more of Tableau to be covered. All you get from this course is how to connect to data sources, which is intuitive to begin with. Disappointed.
I think this course could use a real bump with instruction and content. I found Week 3 to be very repetitive for each "module". I am flat out disappointed and I wish I could get my money back. I shouldn't be able to breeze through this so quickly without really touching the tool before. Second - the Week 3 Peer Review assignment won't even work - I can't get TP to import it no matter how I try - Excel or sliced CSVs.
This is really more of a fundamentals of visualisation than a Tableau course. Misleading title aside, the course left quite a bit to be desired and included peer-reviewed assignments which covered content not discussed in the course. Repeated attempts by participants to have the assignments updated and have gone unacknowledged for 2 years from when I took the course in June 2019.
Do not take this course. The material has little to do with the present version of Tableau. The data files provided by the instructors actually crashed the latest version of Tableau 2020.2Furthermore most of the supporting material directs the student to the tutorials provided by Tableau.This was an absolute waste of my time
Poorly organized course. Video lectures were repeated, assignments were ambiguously stated, and quiz questions did not challenge the user to apply the knowledge presented in the course. The Tableau software is incredibly powerful, but I can not recommend using this course to learn it over other resources available online
I was not able to complete assignments because I needed to buy Tableau Desktop for my Week 3 assignment. Tableau Public does not have certain features that are necessary to complete this rather trivial assignment.Biggest issue is that this is a specialization course, and that means money is not refundable.
Not in a favor of this course as it takes much of our time in the review,  and involve inconsistent score by reviewer mindset. Received an email from Coursera with a low Grade achieved score after scoring more than the threshold assessments.Disagree with Coursera discern method on learning and review.
Poor course. No original material, they use Tableau training material. I did the first 4 weeks of the course in 5 hours and learned nothing new, except using Tableau. I could have learned the same using the Tableau first video in 10 minutes.
Extremely slow paced and basic.The material covered by the entire course is tiny.The quizzes seem pointless.  Why do I have to have an account on Twitter to complete an assignment?  Very disappointing.
The peer graded assignment is absolute mess. I submitted correct assignment with screenshots and was failed twice. The screenshots even match with those provided for reviews.
Tedious. They're promoting a software that is overly complicated and not at all user-friendly. This course is a waste of time and money. Back to pie charts in excel.
This course doesn't offer much of a learning curve.  I would rather suggest taking Data Visualization Using Tableau by Duke University.
The peer reviews are a joke.  Should not be a gauge of getting through.  The inability of the reviewer can hold back the completion.
Course was far too simple.  It could have been covered as an introductory week in another more comprehensive, challenging course.
The course is not updated with latest Tableau features. Lot of solutions have been removed from latest Tableau release
Very low parctical info offered by the course  ( around 15 minutes  of  effective clicking in tableau).
It is good for an absolute beginner. If you have a little idea about Tableau, this is not recommended
This class was really lacking. The content was skimpy and the assignments overly simple and rote.
Really slow, frustrating and incomplete to help the user do meaningful work! Waste of money!
This is more of a shallow intro to Principals of Visualization and less about Tableau
nothing special, I do understand this are fundamentals, but i felt like 5 year old
It was not useful at all as there were not practice more than saving a document.
This course was really bad. It didn't go in much details of Tableau
Mostly irrelevant theory and virtually not hands on use of Tableau.
Much theory, less practical, let's see what further courses offer.
The author doesn't provide us with many examples..not worth buying
Sorry, but I need to be able to ask someone questions.
Easy but really complicate to submit the assignment.
They ask too much in quiz and teach very little.
I have no idea why Stut is in such a hurry!!
Boring course with a lot of repetitions !
Impossible to export worksheet in week 3.
Not enough quality content
Not up to the expectations
Waste of time.
I found this to be a disappointing course.  Yes, its an introduction and you can't do much in an intro course... but...The Tableau parts have no real added value on top of what's available for free on Tableau's site.  The Week 3 assignment was very frustrating, it was poorly worded and the instructions to export didn't work for the Tableau Desktop that I had installed as per the course instructions.  The assignment should have been a consolidation but it was the first time that we played around with data sources.The Week 4 assignment did not use Tableau at all.It would have been much better to have had one example to follow through from start (obtain data, prep, import) to creating a Visualisation that was part of the course work.  Then add some assignments that allow you to build on what you've already seen.In terms of visualisation terms and concepts, this was very light and relied on some other well known (& readily available) material.As the content was very light I was able to finish the course in a lot less time than the course overview estimates, well, everything other than the confusing Week 3 assignment.  I won't be continuing with the specialisation.
Course outline is logical, content is great but the presentation videos are something to behold. Or not.  The presenters speak in a bizarre rambling vernacular that I find to be infuriating. Spent five year on a ChemEng BS and another two on a BiochemEng MS and NEVER once had to suffer through a lecture as messy as these ones. They are completely lacking in clarity and professionalism. Read the  transcripts of the viedeo lectures and you'll immediately see what I mean.  If english is not your first language you will be confused.  If it is your first language you will be frustrated. There are better online courses on data viz out there taught by genuinely intelligent and articulate professionals.  I'm looking forward to taking them after I complete this series of five sloppy courses.  In spite it all, I did learn a few basics and put them into practice and became familiar with a top-of-class BI viz tool. So, if you can slog through a few month of sub-amayure style teaching you just may learn someone but you'll have to be motivated to do a lot of self-directed learning.
The instructor moves very slowly (both speaking and covering topics). Points get belabored (I usually watched the lectures at 1.5x speed but I also have some basic Tableau experience).
I found this to be a disappointing course. The Tableau parts
have no real added value on top of what's available for free on Tableau's site.Unfortunately I felt the course had too much
"fluff" and not enough technical knowledge. For a course titled,
"fundamental of Visualization with TABLEAU," I expected a lot more of
Tableau to be covered. All you get from this course is how to connect to data
sources. Disappointed.The fact that the assignments are peer reviewed put you in a
dead lock. You are at the mercy of "peers" that do not even check
the answers you provide and are just plainly rude. Disappointing.
So, this course starts with a bang but 50% of the stuff was irrelevant, rather it would have been better if you just taught us Tableau and its usages instead of unwanted stuff. The course is too short literally and hardly covers anything useful. Govind blabbers just something which even he isn't sure of in the last Storyboarding lecture. Rest all were fine but seriously, you could have just taught us the whole Tableau interface. And I wonder what the use of the last assignment really is. I just rate it two because the instructors were good but the course content deserves nothing. Thanks and Cheers!
I was looking for a course that discusses how to think about the data and how to manipulate the data based on the questions you have.  This course was more basic and didn't really focus on the many ways of visualizing the data to tell a story.  The course did not discuss the pros and cons of each type of visualization (e.g., pie chart vs. line graph vs. column chart etc but of course more complex because we are using tableau) with the type of question and answers you are looking for.  This type of content is what I was most interested in.
While the video and audio quality are much better than many other classes I've watched on coursera and other platforms, there is very little practical knowledge to be gained from this course.There are some interesting reading materials included (most of which are straight from the Tableau website), but if you want to quickly learn the basics of Tableau, your time is much better spent with YouTube and the documentation on the Tableau website.
The quiz didn't have relevant questions for someone who wants to learn and work in tableau. I expected to see more questions about dimensions, measures, parameters, filters, calculated fields and more. For the final assigment, I don't think that it's ok to mark 5/9 points for tweeting the assigment. Some people might not have twitter and it's not ok to make them create an account for the course.
I was really excited for this course. I thought I would be getting an interesting new approach to looking at data and learning new ways to communicate data to an audience. Instead I was given vague platitudes and unclear assignments that in no way help my understanding of data visualization or my ability to communicate results effectively. I will not be recommending this course to others.
The course really didn't explain the fundamentals of Tableau for me. I found the How To videos on Tableau itself to be more useful, which is a shame. The course could really drill down more on the "Detail" or "Colour" tabs. Also, I really don't like to be forced to sign-up on a social media page just for an assignment, the assignment also didn't test my Tableau viz skills in anyway.
This course is not updated up to 2020. The program has been modified and doesn't work the way they explain (extract of data e.g). The duration of the course is too long compared to the information., there are a lot of repeating info in each video. The qualification base on evaluation by your colleagues on that stage, with that amount of info offered, has absolutely no sense.
The course is very preliminary. Its content can be covered in one session and does not need 4 weeks. The assignments were not clear enough. The course material can not be downloaded and can not be retrieved or used as reference after finishing the course, unlike other courses I have taken with Coursera,  but in other University.
This course basically treats you like an extremely slow-learning retarded individual. Totally waste of your time by watching a bunch of videos. The contents are so thin. All the contents covered in these course videos can be summarized in a 10-minute video. If you have a lot of time you don't know how to spend. Enroll in!
Didn't really provide many details on how to user Tableau.  Tableau Desktop was needed to complete the Week 3 exercise properly.  I don't like leaving negative reviews, but I feel like other students should be aware of this before starting the course
Despite taking notes and following closely with all of the learning content, I still felt like I was figuring a lot of things out on my own. The video content is too short compared to what you have to do. A lot more could be fit into the course.
The weeks 1 and 2 are interesting, but the weeks 3 and 4 are boring : too much overthinking and no practical exercises.The assignments are weird, I didn't get the point of doing them. The learn rate is too slow.
The final assignment which asks us to post the tweet and has to include screenshot and 2 hashtags is DUMB. I failed the final test because of the stupid requirements instead of the actual content of the task.
Each week was only about an hour. Most MOOC courses I've taken have at least 3 to 4 hours of content and learning. Very little learning for a 4 week course. This is a 1 week course stretched out to 4 weeks.
Thought it would have more of a focus on Tableau.  There wasn't very much instruction on Tableau and the first assignment was confusing with no review.
Dry lectures by a prof trying his best. There are better courses out there for the money unfortunately - check out the one offered by Duke University.
It's a very quick introduction to tableau. It's suitable to do the very first steps with this software. You can finish this course within 2-3 hours
I expected to do more practical examples in Tableau. The peer assignment was horrible as the steps were so  poorly explained and created confusion.
It unconvenient to fly from one link to another link. not well-organized, need more practive not just answer those questions to pass the test.
The subject is great, but the materials are scattered and the peer evaluation assignments are holding me from completing the course.
Very, very basic. Information presented is good but I would recommend skipping if you're adding a BI tool to an existing skillset.
Some good resources provided, but too high level. Looking forward to more detail in the next courses.
There is not much Depth even in the topics covered in this course !!
I thought this would be a class to learn Tableau. it wasn't.
Material is too scattered and I didn't learn much.
Assignments were way too easy and tedious.
This course focused too much on what to do with not enough on how to do it.  2 projects that made-up 60% of the grade for the course was peer-graded based upon criteria that had nothing to do with Tableau. Finally, visualizations were published to Tableau Public AND to Twitter.  I see no value in publishing to 2 places and suspect that the publication to Twitter was to promote the course, the instructor, and third party sites.
Very helpful in getting familiar with Tableau. Great tips from the instructor, and a very straightforward intro to what Tableau can do. Course materials were sometimes carelessly put together, though. References were made to things in the Resources tab that are not actually there. Many of the videos were poorly edited (one repeated a significant section of dialogue), and the written assignment instructions had missing information. For example, the final assignment must be submitted to Twitter with a specific course-related hashtag, but the hashtag was not provided, it was left blank. No big deal, except that the peer graded questions ask if the correct hashtag was used. Speaking of peer grading, it's pretty useless in this course and just asks whether the instructions were followed to the letter, no feedback at all on the actual vizzes. Who cares if the right hashtag was used if the viz makes no sense?
The structure and the material of the course were great. Issues with the course. 1) How the grading is done-  Reviewers are providing the points without providing any comments. For instance. if the reviewer has provided zero points to the assignment, there is no way for the student to know what needs to be corrected and there is no constructive feedback provided. This issue limits student ability to learn and grow.  This has never been the case when the courseera started. 2) There is no way student can reach out to instructor. I really like courseera but if this is not improved, then I might have to switch to another learning portal. I feel there is a room for improvement, how the grading is done, and how student can reach out to it's instructor.Thanks.
The instructor and the content were great, but there was zero support even when there are supposedly mechanisms to receive it.  One of my peer reviewers basically trolled me and outright lied - for example, by saying I didn't use a data set from the official list provided by the instructor - things easily proven to be false assertions. I went through Coursera's "options" for resolution, and surprise!  There aren't any for such a situation.  I understand how many people take Coursera courses and why that limits the amount of help that can be given, but in that case, I suggest being upfront that there will be no assistance, so that students can decide whether to proceed based on honest information.
Overall, it's a good beginner course to understand the fundamentals of Tableau; I learned a couple of new things as a novice. My only criticism is the  use of third-party affiliations such as Google Sheets, bit.ly, and  Twitter, and the fact that I had to create profiles on these sites. For one, my company makes applies security controls which made submitting the exercises way more tedious and the fact that I have to expose myself to more social media when I'm trying to limit my self from them.  Apologies for the rant :/ but it seemed like we could have done with out these tools. Thanks.
This class was informative and certainly covers the basics and principles of tableau and data visualizations, I was disappointed that there were no assignments that actually required us to make a visualization. Felt like I could have learned most of this online myself and not have to wait for other people to grade my homeworks/quizzes. would be much more engaging if we were given data sets to create 2-3 basic visualizations that were graded. I did this on my own but would have appreciated the peer review for that versus random MC Q&A
A little too general and basic.  The course could use more guided hands-on examples of creating visualizations with Tableau.  Especially in the latter portion, it would be more helpful to actually apply the general principles of visualization to a specific example rather than just discuss them.  The few hands-on exercises that are presented would benefit from more specific objectives (e.g., rather than just creating and saving "a visualization", specify a question for students to answer with that visualization.)
It was an overall good course but I give it an average rating because it had minimal content. In comparison there are other courses in coursera where there is much more work to do, as a chance to learn, much more content available and more interaction with the rest of the students. My best suggestion is to compress the material of this course to a single week to make more sense. This is very important to keep the quality of the coursera courses to a high level. Other than that it was a good experience
Everything was great about this course except the mandatory Twitter part.  having to create a social media profile was a point of contention for me because I'm a private person and I had to take a separate class just to figure out how to use Twitter. if it is absolutely necessary then I recommend either that be mentioned up front so students can make an informed decision to enroll or not or that there be a general account on Twitter that every student can use.
Tableau is the tool that's used, but this course focuses primarily on the concepts needed to build visualizations.  Very little direct application (i.e. opportunity to practice in Tableau). As it's advertised as a Tableau course (it's in the name), I would have preferred more hands on and course directed opportunity to apply lessons (vs. only being lectured on how to do it).And the guest instructor is not an adept teacher.
I felt the course was too basic and introductory. I think it would be better packed as an intro week to a more in depth data viz or Tableau courses instead of a stand alone course. For someone with absolutely zero knowledge of data viz or Tableau, I'm sure this course will be great, but from anyone with even a little knowledge, it's too simple. However, the instructors are engaging and the material is good for what it is.
Good for what it is: a rock-bottom basic introduction. I would have appreciated more technical instruction in how to create complex, involved visualizations and less philosophizing and design ethos. A better name might have been "What is Data Visualization? A Course In Tableau For Non-Professionals" or something like that.
Data visualization context was useful, as well as interview with Shneiderman and link to his book on user interfaces design, otherwise this would be a 2 star, as the rest of the videos could be used directly from Tableau site.Do not recommend to anybody familiar with excel.
Good introduction to data viz principles if you are new to that. There are more compelling introductions (i.e., Cole Nussbaumer, Stephanie Evergreen). I was anticipating more step by step walkthroughs of visualization in Tableau.
I expected it to be more complete. Some ideas and the framing of the visual data analysis theme are interesting, but I expected to learn more in a 4-week course. The first peer-valuation task was simple but explained unclearly.
No engagement from faculty, if you have questions regarding anything in the course, no one will answer them. Unclear and incomplete instructions for assignments. Overall, probably my worst experience with Coursera.
None of the references reading materials are listed. No responses from course moderators in the Q&A section. Assignment in the third week was extremely unclear, as evidenced by the comments left by students.
A good introduction although a lot of "soft skill" development that I was familiar with and wanted to spend more time using the actual software. But good for building the foundation of visualizations.
Mostly theory and seems somewhat repetitive. However the course is important with regards to presentation of visualisations.Hoping to learn much more from the other courses in the specialisation.
Good introductury class into what Tableau is and how it works. However, the pace of the classes was a little bit slow, and the readings were somewhat dry and longer than the videos.
Very repetitive, but gives some good basic concepts.  Needs the course videos reviewed, as discuss that he will cover the Who, What and How, but then does not do it.  Not terrible
I wish this course had more interactive exercises and had more tutorials about the different types of visualizations and when and where they are used.
While nice, it was super basic and there was little hands on experience. I audited this course. I would have been disappointed if I had payed for it.
I took only this course. I wanted the course to go into more detail about using Tableau. Maybe this is what the complete specialization is for.
Expected the course to focus more on Tableau techniques but not bad in terms of an introduction to the importance of data visualization.
it was too short and didnt explain tableau functionality that well. the last module was unnecessary in context of this course and topic.
Average and overpriced as with all their courses. Go to Udemy better value ; course content is more practical and teachers are engaging.
It is at very elementary level. I was expecting a bit more exploration in tableau tools. So, that expectation wasn't fulfilled.
Very introdutory, very little time exploring Tableau. It is good for beginners in data analysis, for the fundamental concepts.
It is a good introductory course to start with. It has a lot of potential, but I feel it could've been a lot more challenging.
Wasn't very detailed. Felt like they couldve done alot more with the course.Also, i fee like they assumed we know the basics.
It is a good introductory course. Go material to start working with Tableau. Courses are easy and assignments are basic.
more functional fundamentales data Visualization than tableau manipulation. Importing data in week 3 must be reviewed
Peer assignment unclear, and have submitted it now several times, keeps telling me I need to complete it.
A good back grounder in data visualization theory; however, lacks a robust review of how to use Tableau.
to be honest, it is not very helpful for people who is interested in how to use tableau to do analysis.
I really expected more practice and explaations about Tableou´s tools. I did not like this course
Content is interesting but the entire course could have been a week 1 of a more advanced course.
I think it is a bit too basic and the course does not show much of tableau at this moment.
You learn more from the readings than from the Videos, I would expected longer videos
most of this course is about theory, it should not be separated from other course.
Should have covered more on tableau and the tests should have changing questions
Assignments were not clearly described. Many discussion questions not answered.
Interesting, but elementary content. But absolutely no support from 'teachers'.
Very little actual Tableau work and very vague instructions for assignments.
Good but many problems with platform... and help center not easy to access
Its quite basic in case you are looking to learn advanced Tableau skills.
Peer-reviewed assignments are quite confusing and basically unnecessary.
Felt a little superficial and we didn't really learn much about Tableau.
It is decent course. Not much of Tableau, just a mere flavor of it.
There wasn't much hands on experience with tableau. Hoped for more
Is a little bored and slow. Repeats the same concept many times.
creating confusion by not providing sample data for practising.
pretty basic...some of the exercises were not explained wll.
With no one to talk to make this course very difficult
First two weeks has nothing. Last two weeks are good
Too basic, not get too much information from class,
Instructions for assignments were not very clear
great basic course to give you some basic stuff
Quite basic... expected more Tableau exercises.
Basic fundamental course. Good for beginners.
Too long for the simplicity of introduction
Not enough exercises, too much theory.
Could have had more guided exercises.
Should also include some mock work.
The assignment is not very clear
Poor material, lack of practise.
Could have been more practical.
Could be a bit more advanced
this course is too simple
A little too basic
A bit easy..
This is an excellent course on fundamentals of visualisation. Mixing the title with the word "Tableau" may give the wrong notion of the course content to the students (did to me at least). Ok, I am a bit harsh here as there is indeed some introduction to the Tableau Public variant. However, it is very limited. So many students may give up due to mention of Tableau (without being a Tableau course).That said, I have now attended courses 2, 3 and 4 already as well. So I consider myself reasonably familiar with Tableau. My suggestion is the following:1. Do this course even if it disappoints you along with course 2 (goes on the same line). 3. By end of course 2, you would learn some very cool concepts around the visualisation topic and some very interesting background reading materials. Note that the time mentioned to read the background materials is heavily understated. It took me a lot longer than 10-15 mins that they stated as recommended time to read it.3. Once you hit courses 3, you would suddenly start realising the true power of Tableau. That course is awesome. 4. You'd see true powers of Tableau in course 4, with storyboarding where you really start seeing your viz shaping up.
Pros: The explanations are clear. The instructors seem knowledgeable and the lectures are well organized. The are several quick questions embedded in the lectures, which is great to help you remain focused on what is being taught. Great for people without a tech background. Cons: The course is really basic. If you have a technology background (fro example if you are a programmer) this course might seem too basic for you. I'm a commercial intelligence analyst and I could complete the course literally about 5 days working about one hour per day even though I had not used tableau before. I'm glad I didn't pay for this course myself (my employer did) as I think that the content-price ratio is not very good for someone with my profile. I'm still giving it 4 stars because the limited information shown in the course, is well taught.
The course covers all of the relevant parts, however it does not go deep enough. It is highly recommended for complete beginners, but not for those who already have some knowledge in the field.In particular, more content should have been provided for the following topics:(1) Data connections, e.g. include a real example for connecting to odata and web data connector, also create a sheet with the data;(2) The context of data visualisation (who, what, how, big idea), e.g. walk though two additional examples in different fields.I particularly appreciated:(i) The historical introduction (and I would have liked to read more about this)(ii) Live Connection vs Tableau Data Extract(iii) How to prepare an Excel sheet for import(iv) The strategy for making a story (but as I said, this is partial)
Good class. There are a few big stumbling blocks, however. The instructions for peer-graded assignment in Week 3 are, to put it mildly, horrible! After spending hours trying to figure it out, I wrote a revised version of the instructions which can be found in Week 3 Discussion - "Clear and Easy to follow Instructions for Week 3 Assignment". I hope these instructions will be used to replace the current ones which have confused many.  Week 4 peer-graded assignment instructions are a bit long winded, leading many to miss providing the one-sentence summary. But for these issues, it would be a 5-star.
The material in this fundamentals course was very well organized and presented. The quality of the videos and style of the instructor is excellent. The only criticism that I have is the requirement to use Twitter to complete the assignment. I took a class on Tableau, not a class on tweeting. I don't think it's reasonable to grade students on how many hashtags or sentences they use in a tweet. This isn't a social media class and not everyone wants to use social media. Focus on the topic of the class rather than requiring students to be part of your pet project.
This section seemed to be more about the logistics  of data connections and setting up your workbook than it did actually focusing on visualizations themselves. I think maybe changing the title to "Fundamentals of Tableau" or "Intro to Visualization with Tableau: Visualization Theory and Pre-work" might be more encompassing of what this section actually focuses on. That aside, it is still all very useful information and I do appreciate learning about the ideology behind visualization as a tool for telling a story with data. It really grounds the principles.
The course was good, teaches basics of tableau....That provides interest to go to google and see more exciting ways of data visualization using Tableau.However, I have a big complaint on the assignments given specially the week 4 assignment. Instead of grading on the quality of visualization, the emphasis was on posting on twitter with hastags, descriptive sentence, posting picture of the viz etc.....Is it a exam on Twitter or Tableau ? I got marks docked because of not adding two hastags ??
I like the balance between learning the principles involved in creating effective visualizations and practicing them while learning to use Tableau. I was happy with the visualization I created for my final assignment. It would NOT have been as good had I not taken this course and learned to make use of pre Gestalt principles, attentive attributes and decluttering techniques to reduce the cognitive load involved in viewing my visualization.
I really enjoyed taking this course, it really provided me insights into the basics of Tableau. I'd refer this course to anyone. However, I didn't enjoy the last peer reviewed assignment where it was required to post your work on Twitter. Personally, I would have preferred to have an option of uploading your work to Twitter instead of it being required to post it. Apart from that, great course! Thanks so much.
The course was good. The only suggestion for improvement are some instructions on how to use Twitter. The final assignment requires you to post something to Twitter. Having never used Twitter before it took me a while to work out what was needed. Also, some brief information on URL shorteners would be helpful (again part of the final assignment). Overall, a good course.
In this introduction to the basics of Data Visualization with Tableau, the instructors broke down the information systematically and in a clear and coherent way. I now have a familiarity with Tableau and the community resources it offers. As a graphic designer, I am fascinated by data visualization, and taking this course has left me eager to advance in my training.
I expected the course to focus on Tableau.  Instead it presented a very brief introduction to Tableau that is insufficient to do anything useful with it, and then led us through a process to better understand the thought process of creating visualizations.  I found the latter valuable, but still feel I was misled about the intent and content of the course.
This is a good course and specialization. It should be clear that this is NOT a course on Tableau. It's primarily on visualization principles, and uses Tableau as the software. It does teach you some Tableau, but not that much. If you just want to learn Tableau in-depth, look for other online courses or training, this isn't for learning Tableau.
Its a good course. But I believe that Week 4 should have come before introducing us to Tableau and visualizing data. This way we would have clearer contexts on about the "Big Story" and also on the WHO, WHAT and HOWs. It would have also helped us understand the various visualizations in Tableau while exploring the software.
While the material was very good one of the assignments was very outdated and it was not clear how to proceed using the free version of Tableau nor what was required.It did require more thinking and knowledge organisation than I am used to (being a stats person) but was a valuable introductory course nonetheless.
It is a good course but more real life examples would be useful. It touches very little Tableau so maybe if someone is looking for fundamentals on how to make a visualization in Tableau this is not the right course because it goes more into theory of visualization rather than hands-on the tool.
Great introductory course, but could be improved by providing more of step-by-step instructions on navigating the Tableau and its menus, addressing some typical error messages the user might receive, etc. If you have a prior working knowledge of  some Tableau, this course could be a refresher .
Overall this course was a very good introduction to Tableau.  The instructions for the first peer-graded assignment were VERY confusing, and almost counter-intuitive.  Instructors were very pleasant to watch and listen to, and they do a good job of discussing real-world examples.
Enjoyed the course. This is a good starting point for engaging in the thought process behind how to present data and thoughts in a meaningful and catchy way.  Would have liked to work with more samples of sets of data and arranging it into a viz, based on certain criteria.
It is  a good start if you did not have any knowledge or experiences with Tableau. I would recommend the course since I truly learned fundamentals of Tableau. However, if you already have some basic knowledge or experiences, the course would be too simple for you to learn.
Great beginner course for Data Visualization and beginning concepts with Tableau! Note: this course is more focused on the whats and whys of data visualization - about  50% of this course is dedicated to that content. Using Tableau accounts for the other 50%
This is a good course to get yourself indulged in Tableau Public software. Its an eye opener. Only issue is that some of the course instructions are not clear. For beginners it could pose a problem as I've struggled to get a grasp of it.
A little on the light side with regards to software use and data processing skills, but overall good introduction to Tableau. Definitely beginner level (although some experience with Excel and general computer knowledge is necessary)
Not as in depth as I expected, but good enough for the bare basics. You'll know how to make a chart after this course, but you might not know how to make it do all the cool things you see on the Viz of the Day from Tableau's website.
It is a good course explaining the basics of Tableau.  My only issue is that the first PGA was difficult After reading the posts in the forum the issues with this PGA have never been rectified even after several years of complaints.
An excellent introduction to Tableau and more generally, visualization as a field. Talks about some of the essential prerequisites for any visualization. All in all a very interesting and well laid out course! Does what it says! :)
A well-structured introduction to data visualisation and to Tableau. I liked the discussions around context and building sound research principles rather than simply jumping straight into Tableau. Well done to the teaching staff.
The course gave a good overview of the visualization process and how to get started with visualization based on the question being asked. It would have been more helpful if it had more videos on using Tableau to create a story.
Really good course that does what is says - shows the fundamentals with hands-on assignments. Would be five stars but the version of Tableau used in the videos is outdated. The main presenter, Govind Acharya, is wonderful.
I thought it was a good introductory course to understand you are trying to tell a story to a particular audience through data visualization that can be understood and to help gain inferences to help with decision making.
This courses is a very mild gentle introduction to tableau with very little hand-ons,but with a very rigorous coverage of the fundamentals of visualization with specific emphasis on why,what and how of the visualization.
It's definitely an overview (implied in fundamentals, I guess). I think my favorite part was seeing the visualizations completed by others. You can see what appeals in a "viz" and understand why from taking this course.
Very good course and I really enjoyed it. The last couple of lessons where really dense though. Loved the interaction with the Tableau community and the advice to participate in community projects to raise my profile.
Although a very basic introduction to the use of Tableau, the course provides a broad and interesting background that should prove useful to anyone seeking to enhance their understanding of visualization fundamentals.
A good introductory course. However, I felt that the course could have used a more hands-on approach for students to practice with the tool. However, I am satisfied and would recommend this course to future learners.
Great course - awesome teacher! I loved the project at the end of the course that forced you to put your skills to the test. I kind of wish there were more mini assignments along the way though.  Highly recommend!
I think Tableau is great, want to learn more features  and tips of this. 4th part was pretty useless for me from this point of view, but pretty good course overall. May be too simple, but this is how we start)
The course gets a beginner with no working knowledge of Tableau very comfortable with the basic layout and working of the software. It also helps in understanding the very need and principles of visualization.
This course is really informative and provides new learning to me. It is just what i need in my career path right now. Kudos to the developer of this course and for making it available on the internet platform
A decent course to understand the basics of the needs to the visualization of data and the wonders we can achieve through it. Also it does give some exposure to the actual practical of data visualization
Nicely paced course to ease into Tableau.  I am finding the course materials and the method of delivery very effective.  I look forward to completing this course and enrolling into the next one.
Rather interesting course with good teachers, but not balanced enough: a little bit about Tableau, a little bit - story telling. Maybe it's ok for the first part, so I'm waiting for the next one
This course was very interesting and covered lot of basic visualization on Tableau. Still I want to learn more detailed on how to play with visualization and experiment independently.
I like the first instructor because he makes everything clear. I find the second instructor less effective. I also find the assignment section rather hard to understand and navigate.
The course is great. Would have been even better if there were questions posed and answers given during the videos for Tableau case studies. Overall, an informative course! Thanks.
A Good introduction course for new learners. It covers not only the technical skill of Tableau but also reporting guidelines-- how to collect and use data to deliver a good story.
The main messagges are explained. Clear the video and the voice. Good training to undestand better the possibility to use the main software (tableau in primis) in this work area.
Nice introductory course to Tableau and Storytelling for newbies to Tableau. Could be improved with updated periodicals, articles, and publications relevant to course material.
Valuable introductory course on Tableau. Also lays the foundation for by providing good reference material on Statistics and as well on the communication/presentation of ideas
Assignments were a bit light. And some of the questions (Week 3) were ambiguous. I only figured out what was expected after I saw the grading guidelines for peer assessment
Generally great course for entry level tableau user. Would suggest to add option to get certificate with a single test to save times for people already know these basics.
I would like to have had more visualizations which would just give me a brief idea about Tableau but nevertheless it was a great course and a lot of basics were cleared.
Often overlooked but very important fundamentals. It's universally applicable for all sorts of visualizations. It is responsible for making or breaking visualizations.
Good course, and helpful in providing theory around why and how to visualize data. Would like to see a bit more hands-on activity with Tableau itself, but worth doing.
A very nice course to start a basic understanding of Tableau with their nicely framed Quiz and Projects which automatically give you the motivation to learn Data Viz.
The Course flow and instructor are engaging. It's a great place to start a Tableau learning journey. The peer-graded assignments are straightforward yet challenging.
Nice explanation. But may require more hands-on and it seems very difficult to the person who never seen tableau interface.Need more elaboration on basic concepts.
I've been working as a data analyst for a few years now and this course highlighted some aspects of data visualizations that I had not formalized for myself yet.
Presents some nice concepts. However, material could be better organized. There are some repeats and overlaps. In addition, quiz and exercise are boring ...
learned and enjoyed the skills I got through this course. Tableau is really a good tool for data visualization. thank you for this knowledge and skills.
For new learners, this is really good course. Only thing I can recommend here is to show more live Tableau visualization and make course little tougher.
Good introduction to some of the theory behind visualizations. Not a lot of Tableau; that will come in subsequent courses. This one is largely theory.
Introductory course to Tableau. Not much to learn about tableau but amazing stuff to learn about data visualization which we miss in the big process .
Very good and positive. Lots of information about visualization, Tableau also was presented well, but I waited for more tips and practical exercises.
introduces the fundamentals of Tableau and gave examples of story board, explored basic functions of Tableau, a good introduction course to Tableau.
As the title says, this course deals with fundamentals which i believe are pretty important. Adding more case scenarios to analyze will help a lot.
only basic of visualization nothing related to tableau at all. Please visit tableau free learning videos that are far better than your course.
All over its a good starter. I like the way it presented. simple clean and easy. thanks to Coursera and the authors who make this happen.
It was a great course. I learned a lot. I just wish that there was a better grading system because no one really gave me some feedback 😅
Peer reviews mean the work is evaluated by people with similar level of topic proficiency. Quizzes are a much better way to grade I feel.
Great introductory course!! The only reason that I didn't give 5 stars is that one of the assignments explanations are kind of confusing.
Course concentrated more on theoretical aspects of tableau, would have preferred more practical examples to help understand the concept.
The Course was well suited for beginners and explained pretty useful concepts, but I think materials of week 3 need to be polished more.
This is a great course that could only be improved by requiring the students to work on more examples.  I appreciate the peer reviews.
The course was a bit high on the theory side, but I look forward to the other courses of the specialisation to learn more of Tableau.
I expected a more hands on class with more uses of tableau. Overall a great foundation course for beginners with plenty of visuals.
This has been a good introduction, and I am looking forward to learning more about the functionality of Tableau in the next course.
A well structured course with good content, relevant topics are covered and gives you good understanding on how to visualize data.
The material was very well laid out. I learned a lot about the basics of tableau. The resources and references were very helpful!
Quick course. Takes you through all the basics if you are new to Tableau. Just what you need to start of in Data visualizations.
Some off the instructions for the assignments were either incomplete or misleading. Uploading instructions were also unclear.
I thought the content was very succinct and informative. Only point I would suggest is have more practice instead of theory.
I loved the course, however, I found the assignments rather vague.  I'm looking forward to continuing on to the next class.
the pace was a bit too fast when clicking on Tableau tools. many times i need to rewind and figure out what did she click.
Everything was good however it's frustrating to have to wait for so many days just to get someone to review my assignment.
This course is very useful for beginner. But I think it would be better if the course can go deeper and add more exercise.
It introduces the basic idea of visualizations in an interesting way, but it would be better if more content is given.
the first assignment was not clear. a lot of time wasted on looking for a feature that doesn't work on Tableau public
Pretty well explained and simple to follow instructions, really excited to move to the next chapter of the course.
Course is very good for the beginners but can be added more details as the course contains very basic information
Very theoretical, not a whole lot of Tableau action. Will do the following courses for more technical learning.
The second assignment (part 2) was very confusing. Visit the discussion for this assignment to see details.
A very good course to understand Data visualization and a critical tool that helps you to understand that
Good introduction to Tableau. Wish we had a little bit hands on exercises. Look forward to the next one.
Can be better at showing practical examples. Overall, as it is part of 5 courses, it is a good course.
It is a good course for getting-to-know the fundamentals of tableau software but it lacks assignments.
Expected the course to be more hands on , however the other aspects of the course were really good .
This course is very practical, although it could use more examples of Tableau workbooks explained.
There could've been more practical study. But other than that, I learned a lot from this course!
Overall it's good. Please be more clear and specific about where to download the practice files.
Goes over theoretical concepts of Visualization, very little hands-on work with Tableau itself.
Excellent introduction in data visualization, covering both data sources and the pshychology of
It was an interesting course . It would have been better ,if we had more of practical lessons..
The Course is good. With little time it lets you learn the whole Tableau software. Thank you.
Good introduction to the toolset with practical examples where you can test your knowledge.
The course material is vey subjective - a bit more hands on will make it more interesting.
Excellent course. Very help full to understand the visualization basic by using Tableau.
I liked the course a lot, except the instructions of the assignments, not clear at all.
very nice and easy introduction to the importance of Data Visualization and Tableau.
Started out slowly, but the project pulled it all together.Good introductory course.
I'd like to have more hands on approach into the story telling, like harvesting data
Good Tableau visualization course. Best part is to introduce the Tableau community.
This is a great course for understanding the basics of visualization and tableau.
Great point to start the journey but to shallow if you are familiar with Tableau.
Amazing experience to learn something i've always wanted to. Thank you coursera!
The content is very less. It would be better if you increase the course content.
Practical and highly intriguing course with high application in the real world.
Great beginner course. Clear delivery of lectures, easy to follow instructions.
I think that this course could improve with more basics tools of tableu public
It is a very nice module, but I would like to use a little bit more the system
A glimpse of what is going to be covered in the next modules should be covered
Thank you Desiree. Fantastic course. Easy to understand. Great for beginners.
week 3 was not that helpful as it's not well taught but the rest were great.
If  the assignments were not locked in the first week, it would be wonderful
Besides a couple of ambiguities with the assignments, it's a great course.
Very useful course to understand the basic tenants of Data Visualization.
Wish this course could have more practical practices & projects to learn.
Interesting content with good examples and continuous guide from the inst
Great balance between theoretical approach and some deep dive in Tableau
Great Learning. Expected more number of hands on experience in Tableau.
Good Course, I think could have more material or examples! overall good
Good course! the submit assignments weren't always celar unfortunately.
Great introductory course to Data Visualisation and Tableau software.
A good course to start learning Tableau.Must suggested to a newbie.
May be some visualization samples would have helped to learn deep.
Please correct the assignments to be more clear for instructions.
The course need to provide more systematized materials/documents
amazing experience in depth understandingexcellent visualization
Course was OK - the material on Tableau though was very light.
I loved it. A great introduction to the art of data analytics
the assignment of the week 3 is hard to evaluate, thank you
Good introduction of Tableau and concepts of visualization.
Pretty basic. Could have some more challenging assignments.
Good intro but some of the assignments were a bit unclear.
helpful intro. The assignment description can be confusing
A very good introduction to the data visualization world.
Assignments should be graded by instructors and not peers
it was helpful to get the core of visualization concepts.
Not so good, the course syllabus is very much randomized.
Overall a good course but some more content is needed.
I would say this course is way to easy and fundamental
HI Course is good , give you basics of visualization
A good basic course to begin with Data Visualization
Thank you for managing such an informational course.
Would have liked to see more Tableau Visualizations
Well prepared, concise introduction to the subject.
Great examples and perfect for learning the basics.
Good course but it should have been more hands on.
I learned a lot Thank you so much to all the team
It was very good experience learning on Coursera.
Would need at Least to perform one visualization
Great place to start off, left me wanting more!
Instructor is very good in explaining concepts.
It isn't updated with Tableau's latest version.
As Fundamental course is quite well structure
Clear and straightforward. Good introduction.
Perfect course for beginners to get started.
Great course to get started with Tableau.
More advanced content should be included.
For me it has too much theory knowledge.
Excellent course, but very introductory.
Basics could be covered in more detail.
Good Introductory Course. Well Designed
just which the last mod. had a project
A good introduction to visualization.
thank u for this excellent formation
I will recommend this to many people
Could have more industrial examples
Good course for learning the basics
the last assignment was frustrating
Nice course, to get things started.
whole course could be a one video.
Useful for basics of visualization
Great for getting to know Tableau.
Quite useful to analyse the data.
Please add more exercises to it.
Need some more on tableau server
Very comprehensive for beginners
A good introduction to Tableau.
good but content is little old
good. Assignments can be clear
Good basic course in general!!
Good beginning and good course
good introduction on tableau.
Good but unclear assignment!
Some assignments were vague
Covers the basic components
Good course to start with.
Good focus on fundamentals
Good overview of Tableau.
Was good for beginners
THANKS FOR GIVE COURSE
it's good for beginner
Fun and interactive.
solid foundations
clear and useful
It was good.
The course content is very good and lots of efforts have gone in to create this course.**Request**Since number of enrolled students may vary, "peer review" type questions makes it difficult to get a grade. Even if you've submitted your assignments, if there is no one to review your work, you don't get a grade. This is disappointing and very discouraging. I request the course creators to consider this and try to make the tests such that learners can complete the course on their own. I believe this would motivate students to complete the specialization.
It's a good course. I am currently in the second course in this specialization and it has already captivated me in the world of Tableau.Also, the energy of Govind Acharya is infectious. It clearly can be seen and heard from his voice how much he is enjoying teaching this course.
It was a great learning experience on Coursera helps me a lot, Pursuing the course
from Coursera will help me build my knowledge and skills. Because Coursera is a
platform which is providing life-transforming learning approaches and
development of personality in real business challenges understanding concepts with learning tools facilities of notes, quiz other helping guidance to makeover Monday. The discussion forum also helps in solving queries with posting comments through mail or feedback. Once again thanks to Coursera, It's a platform which can make
us personality develop and learning approach. This can help us to build our
potential and ability to study more with a professional network.
I am very glad for my participation in this course. As always, it´s a very good work from the Coursera team and the University, I think. I you don´t know any information, the discussion forum is open for all of you. Thank you so much.
Coursera provide us platform to enhance my knowledge and capabilities, if you are not capable to pay then it's provide a tremendous help to do any course and enhance your career opportunities.
I think I loved everything about this class. It wasn't easy, but it was fun and enlightened me on better ways to tell stories and tell stories with data visualization. Can't wait for class 2.
This course is very good intro to anyone that has never done Data Visualization. You get clear understanding of the objectives and the  Fundamentals of what Data Visualization is all about.
After completing the course I'm glad that I have utilized my time which I have put on this course. As this course is the first course of the specialization I'm happy with the pace as well as content. I come from the programming background, I missed programming here. This course is really good but according to me, it would be perfect if there were an optional section about how to code for a web data connector using python or nodeJS.
I am so happy I took this course.  It provided me with the Fundamentals, encouragement, and ability to practice viz's by watching how they did their own.  The book that was assigned was inspirational.  Our assignments were challenging and then I challenged myself in creating about  eight visualizations.I was even able to use an if then else sql to create my kpi.  Thank you so much for this course.Wtih gratitude,Barbara Steinberg
I really enjoyed taking this course. Even though I was expecting getting more technical with Tableau and having more hands-on activities doing visualizations, I liked the approach of starting from the very basics of understanding what exactly needs to be visualized and why. I loved the who, what, and why framework as well as the breakdown for understanding the context of the data.
The thing I really don't like, and not just about this course but the whole Coursera system, is the fact you that must asked to other students to correct your tasks and evaluate you.
In my opinion it is absolutely wrong, they, like me, are studing so they do not have the experience, as I do not have it, necessary to properly evaluate the work of others. Not yet at least.
My name is Jose Antonio. I am looking for a new Data Scientist career (https://www.linkedin.com/in/joseantonio11)I did this course to get new knowledge about Big Data and Visualisations and better understand the technology and your practical applications. The course was excellent and the classes well taught by teachers.Congratulations to Coursera team and Instructors.
The course structure for #Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau is quite sufficient enough for a beginner to start the journey towards data analytics world. I really appreciate the efforts put by the course trainer #Desiree' Abbott . I am really glad to be a part of it , as it is my first step towards the data science journey ,which I will cherish foreverYogesh
A great course.  This provides a comprehensive overview of Tableau in a clear and concise format!  The videos and exercises were well-paced and challenging.  Not only is the course great for learning about Tableau but it also teaches about the broader community of people that engage in producing visualizations from data and how to get involved and ACTIVE! Loved it.
I love Desiree's energy teaching style!  She asked for opportunities to practice the skills right as you learn them.  (I've taken other Coursera classes, and sometimes they throw too much info at you before giving you an opportunity to practice the skills.) She is fun, extremely knowledgeable, and a great teacher!  I'd like to take other courses that she leads!
I really enjoyed the class - it went really quicly. The lessons were very clear in lecture and demonstration. I loved the energy of the instructor! Overall - I came to loving this area of data science even more! I am very happy to have discovered and pursued this course. Now - may I continue and carry on through the Specialization!
The course, Fundamentals of Visualizations with Tableau, was very interesting, practical and dynamic. I learned important concept and principles to make interesting and meaningful visualizations. It was great to know about the Viz communities in twitter. This will help me to get help and also increase my knowledge and skills.
Course was very wonderful to learn and follow.  Even for people who have not used Tableau before I was able to keep up and understand.  One good thing is that the course does not over spoon feed you with information and encourages you to learn more by watching videos in the Tableau community.   Highly recommended course.
I was recently introduced to Tableau and felt that the learning curve was too high to undertake. I search for and found a classes that I could take to build up my confidence and abilities towards conquering Tableau. I would definitely recommend these courses to people interested in the exciting field of big data.
This course was fantastic! Desiree' did an excellent job of explaining complex concepts and laying the groundwork for working with Tableau. The assignments were interesting, and there was significant interaction with other classmates. I highly recommend this course to anyone wanting to learn more about Tableau.
The course is very good and the content is not  much elusive and can be grasped very easily. The peer review is not fair enough some of the peers do not understand the rubrics properly and will not grade accordingly , as a rest of that I felt a bit discouraged since I didn't get fair grades for my hardwork.
Great Intro to Viz with Tableau.  My only concern is having a bit more guidance on the assignments.  After I submitted my last assignment, I noticed other class members had much more content.  If I had known more about the format, I would have done the same.  Anyway, looking forward to the next class!
Very important part of this course is the fundamentals of visualization in general. It's not often you'll find theory of the visualization. This course, on the contrary, provides very deep dive into fundamentals of visualizations and uses Tableau as of the instruments to create them! Great course!
Good course to understand the 'fundamentals' of visualization. More focused on 'how to think' rather than hands-on practices. There is a quick example at the start which gives you the taste but this would be applicable to those who are interested in 'How' to create visualization.
It was a good way to get into the fundamentals and start having a basic understanding of data visualizations. The course itself is pretty basic but it gave me enough insights into this to motivate me to continue with the other courses of the specialization.
I found this course to be beyond amazing. The course is filled with such
 useful set of instructions that many instructors fail to provide but 
this course has it all. So if a person takes this course, he gets an opportunity to learn the best from the best.
Thank you Professors for giving me this opportunity to strengthen my foundation of tableau. I would recommend this course to anyone who is new to Tableau and does not know where to start. Thank you again for the lessons. Looking forward to the next one!
This course sets up really string base for your Data Visualization and make you understand the very easy yet essential topics and tool for it. Its a must-to-do course and I am going to do its full specialization to be fluent in Data Visualisation.
Amazing work. Though I felt that week 3 was a little boring but that is mostly because it was too technical and also the Tableau Public has been updated in 2019 so there are a lot more options to connect with data rather than using Odata servers.
Good class! Assignment for week 3 needs to be improved. But this is a really green hand-friendly course. With it, you can have a general idea of Tableau and it will help you to build up confidence for further data visualization studies!
The course was really effective to learn the function of Tableau quickly. I was able to finish it in 1 week and the contents were quite understandable. I got better knowledge about how to visualize data in the perspective of audience.
This was a really enjoyable and informative course. It provided the right amount of information, instructions were clear and the final assignment gave good grounding on how one would use Tableau and visualizations in the real world.
A really great introductory course for me who doesn't have any prior knowledge of Tableau before. The materials and assignment given in this course helped a lot as references when I'm exploring the tool and learn more about DataViz.
This course is a good start point to learn how to use Tableau Software united with the bases of Visualization methodologies, as both are needed to convey meaningful insights and move your audience to take decisions based on data.
I have completed the Data Science Capstone Project and I enjoyed it a lot and I should say it was designed in a way I didn't feel or bored at any point in the course. Thank you so much for the course again. You guys rock.
Quite an interesting course gave a good headstart on the importance of data analytics and orient learners towards aspiring to know more about this field and turn into future-ready candidates for the academia and industry.
Even though I learned via auditing the course for free, I think UC Davis did a great job overlaying the introductory concepts for being a productive user of Tableau. I'm going to enroll in future classes because of this!
This course is absolutely helpful in every mean for a person like me who is taking his very first steps in the data visualization world. although it is very difficult for everyone to accessible fully as its not free.
The course content is simple and accessible. I understand some basic definition and a way to get started with Tableau. This is a good foundation for me before learning further issues related to Tableau software.
I really enjoyed all the Specializations, professors are really motivated and the course are all well structured! I recommend it to anyone wants to learn about visualizations, also a Tableau is a great tool!
very good course for the starters, please add more problem solving issues and make the peer grade assignments more chalenging.after all the foundation it laid is  good for a starter in data visualization.
Excellent. Hands on throughout the course and the assignments helped me learn and gain confidence to move forward.I would recommend this course to anybody who wants to get familiar with Tableau basics.
Am glad I learnt a lot from this module, which I know will sharpen my skills for my chosen career path as a data scientist. Am hoping to learn more new skills to improve on my already existing skills.
It\ helps to understand all the basics regarding Tableau and also how to use it and install the tableau. It covered all the fundamental;s of visualization with tableau and the quiz were also good.
Amazing course, amazing instructors and assignments. I really enjoyed working with Tableau.You may experience some confusion for some assignments but don't worry! Just use the discussion boards :)
It was easy to follow and the course materials and the resources helped a lot. I used the Tableau Desktop version and still, it accommodated it in the assignment. Very Well structured course
Well spoken teachers that are easy to learn from.  Pull in high caliber external content.  Go beyond just teaching how to use the software to train how to make a powerful presentation story.
very simple and conveniently it was explained.  Its explains the complete visualization part. If some more lessons are present in this Tableu course then you should select another course
Really enjoyed this course. Recommend for anyone interested in visualization to take. Requires some effort though and the tutors sometimes get ahead of you, but a good one all the same.
The course has indeed added to my skill set and has helped me build a foundation for further career opportunities in the field of Data Visualization. Highly recommended for beginners.
Best course to start with when it comes to Tableau. The modules have been properly arranged and easy to go through. All the basics have been covered about the fundamentals of Tableau.
A good first class about the software Tableau. You will learn the basics and how to create a story in order to present your datas. A good glitch for a first class of a Specialization.
This was an excellent introductory course for data visualization that clearly showed the power of tableau and inspired me to keep improving my skills for presenting influential data.
I feel like I learned the basics of using Tableau. I am eager to continue learning. 

I just feel like there should be an option to ask to recheck one of the submitted assignments.
That peer group sharing is magnificent! Others outside the U.S. got to hear the American teacher in me. Hoped it helped you guys shine as well. Reviews seemed to show it may have.
I loved the structure of the course and how it gives the overview of the most important factors that one should take into consideration before jumping directly into visualization
Very good introduction to Tableau, liked it. Even though I had no prior background and needed to come for review, but was able to finish assignment nontheless. Highly recommend!
I loved the course and their methodical careful way of extending the knowledge needed to begin this exciting journey - thank you professors. I look forward to the next course.
Great, easy, and fast learning! I really enjoyed the walk through of Tableau Public and the projects which allowed to apply the course basics to creating a Tableau profile.
The course is a great introduction to Data Visualisation. I liked the external links introduced during the course as it gave the student a wider perspective of the course.
This was an exceptional introductory course in the world of Visualizations with Tableau. I'm excited to get into the follow-on courses within this concentration of study.
Just what I wanted, very clear! And got me started in Data viz with tableau, from this beggining I cant tell, I ahve a lot of potential and love doing this. Thank you!
Smart instructor energetic and keeping the last benchers in view is encouraging. Keep it up. Course composition and trying various methods and support is outstanding.
I enjoyed the course. Not only I learned basic Tableau function, but also I learned valuable principle of data visualisation and how to make a presentation.Thank you!
This course is a great introduction  to Tableau and the excercises help us in familiarizing ourselves with the software and gives us confidence to make our own viz.
Very helpful in getting started using Tableau. Also a good introduction to visualizations and how to think about visualizations and data in real-world applications.
This is a good course to start with for a beginner. The activities are interesting and the question prompts really help you revise what you learned from the videos.
This course was very useful and helpful to understand the basic fundamentals of Tableau and to get to know more about the scope and opportunities in data viz fiels
Very Good Course, really helpful to all who are seeking good and understandable learning course for Tableau. I will definitely recommend this course to everyone.
As a beginner, enough knowledge shared in this course. Recommend other to get this course to start and understand the Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau.
Teaching  style is nice and it will provide lots of exercises and quizzes after completing each week that's nice for improving skills by some hands on exercises.
Coursera always helping the aspiring candidates to gain their desired skills by providing this kind of courses to achieve their career goals.Thank you Coursera!
With the help of this course I really realized what is visualization and what is Tableau, I suggest the students who wants to learn visualization with Tableau.
The lecturer was very clear in his presentation and the conduct of the course. However, the assignment question, i personally felt that it should be reviewed.
It's a very good program that gives a vivid introduction about what data viz with tableau is all about. I am definitely going to complete the whole course.
Good general overview of why data visualization matters. A little light now how to actually do that in Tableau, but I guess this is just the first course.
A total worth of time ! Every second spent in learning .. looking forward to complete the rest of the course. Great Teachers can really make things work.
This was a great class to understand the beginnings of visualizations by understanding the data and the questions that you need answered and think about.
Great introduction to data visualization. We didn't accomplish much on Tableau just yet, but we gained useful knowledge about the essentials of data viz.
Good course to get the knowledge of data visualisation and get a hand on the tableau, This will help you to take you steps into the data analytics field
Finally!  A course that I was able to fully grasp and make my first data viz.  I really liked the way Desiree' Abbott presents the course materials.
Content is really good, coming to hands-on part I really enjoyed it. Thanks to everyone who is part of this course and helped me in the learning.
This is a great beginning for learning Tableau. It covers some of the basics, but now I'm looking forward to delving deeper into the application.
I very much liked the idea of defining problem in terms of "Who/What/How" followed by summary. I'd like to implement such concept in my projects.
As a beginner with tableau, this course helped me not just with using tableau but also to understand the basic principles of data visualization.
Excellent professors that really explain the concepts of WHY you do something. Better than the F2F course I took at my local community college.
Course is an excellent introduction to data visualization. and it does a great job in defining what it takes to be a great presenter overall.
Good course to start Tableau. But you will have to create an account on 3 different platforms to finish this course which is not that great.
Desiree' is Purely Amazing!! I love her and want to be friends with her in real life!! I highly recommend this class!! Thank you, Desiree!!!
Basic course that patiently walks you through key Tableau functionalities. Very well paced, with many opportunities to get your hands dirty
Great introduction course. I have learned a lot of things that I could not know before about the importance of the right visualizations.
Instructor its really great, and this course really helps you understand visualization and Tableau as a great tool for present an idea.
Excellent introduction to Tableau with great additional material on how to present your data as a story. Very much enjoyed the course
Not very practical but how to proceed and how to question yourself  before you begin visualization has been explained in a best way
Nice introduction. You will definetly find the foundation of Visualization on this course and start thinking Vizzes.. Good content
A nice, easy initiation into Tableau for a beginner. Lots of interesting material in there, depending on how deep you want to go.
The course was overall very good but was missing some more hands-on practice, it is well suited for those who are new to tableau
A great introduction to Tableau. I wish they went more in-depth into how to draw a line to show an average value on a plot, etc.
As the topic states, the best fundamental course to start learning Tableau. The instructors were clear in conveying the subject.
This is course is great for those who are new to the world of visualization as they will walk you across the basics of tableau.
This course is relevant for beginners who want to how how to utilize Tableau for data visualization and effective communication
Had a really good start with tableau with basic features explained well! Looking forward to learning more in further courses!!
Excellent, I would really like to continue with the more advance in tableu, was really exited to work with this amazing tool.
The course was easy to learn and understand. Thank you to both the professors and all the peers for their continuous support.
This is an amazing course. One of a kind in Tableau. The course is very interactive and the professors are amazing teachers.
This course helped me to get used to tableau and create some plots and dashboard on tableau. It covered a basic of tableau.
A good course for the beginner (like me) will get some idea about Tableau and share very good information by the trainer.
very good course for beginners to learn the tableau visualization and basic fundamentals about the visualization concepts
The course provided me with a strong starting point for learning visualization using Tableau. Keep up the good work guys!
Great course! Loving it so far. Could be updated with most recent version of Tableau as there are some inconsistencies.
I loved the way the instructor explained everything and the fact there were labs so you can get hands-on with Tableau.
Great course. I recommend splitting the screen or watching videos on the mobile app and following along on your laptop
The way of teaching is very efficient. The process of telling a story with data is very well explained in the course.
Good learning and hands on experience on tableu.Clear cut explanations about visualizations with necessary materials.
Overall, a good introduction. I would have liked to get more in depth, but I suppose that will come in later courses.
The Course is very well constructed and help to make a good foundation regarding Data Visualization and Tableau usage
Thank You Coursera Team for providing this knowledge and practical experience of the real world through this course.
This course is beautifully designed and well explained, learned a lot from this. Hope to apply all these in my work.
Excellent, the course was very direct and informative and give you a great starting point in the data visualization.
This course is really helpful for a beginner. Mentors have described each and every basic thing in such an easy way.
This was very helpful in learning the basics to using Tableau. I learned how to effectively import and analyze data.
Right level of detail for an introduction class and helped set up the tools and environment for the courses to come.
One of the things that I loved about the course was that actual professionals in the field were teaching the course.
Hands on are not hard to follow because the instructor show how to do it first. Love the exercises, it's enjoyable.
Concepts are explained in simple and detailed manner for beginners to understand well. Glad to choose this course!
Concepts are explained in simple and detailed manner for beginners to understand well. Glad to choose this course!
Great content shared. Lots of good stuff on the course. I highly recommend this course if you are new in Tableau.
Great Course! Wonderful delivery of the fundamentals of the software as well as the Data Visualization framework.
Excellent course and exceeded my expectations. Enjoyed the video sessions with both the instructors. Thank you.
A great introduction for novices into the concepts of data visualization and some hands on exercises to get you
For someone who is just starting with Tableau, this course is great! Tableau basics are covered in the course.
Really good course and easy to follow! Definitely learned all the base necessary to start exploring on my own.
Great course to get the ball rolling on data visualisation. Recommended for people starting off in this field.
Great course! The information is well structured and the recommended book (week 4) is brilliant! Many thanks!
It was a very awesome and productive session. Highly satisfied by the trainer for all the modules he taught.
This course initiates thought on how to deliver information in a different way to target specific audiences.
this course is precise and is the best for a starter in data visualization, data analytics or data science.
Thank you, it was very interesting and I learned a lot. I recommend reading related articles and documents.
Best course to go through, if you are new to Tableau and keen in exploring the tool. Very well explained.
A very great course for those who are beginners and wish to pursue a career in the field of data science.
Great course, with a good introduction about the concepts and how think better when we need build a viz.
Fantastic primer to Tableau – great mix of theory and hands-on. Sets you up well for the journey ahead!
Loved this module. Sets a simple and easy to follow tone for a subject that is mired withe complexities
Great Intro.  Just enough material to wet your appetite.  The lectures were straight and informational.
A very simple and basic course for beginners. If someone is new he should definitely take this course.
beautiful start and I managed to finished it time, how do I take the next course Essentials of Tableau
Very interesting teaching style. Detailed lectures. I will recommend to anyone venturing into Tableau
Excellent initial, you get a general view of the power of Tableau and some concepts of presentations.
Good start with Tableau. You will also get a license that is good for a year! (License worth $500+).
I learned a ton in this course & I am looking forward to expanding my skills this is a great course!
Great course. Really helped me understand the basics of Tableau. Wonderful instructor. Thanks alot!
Taught by experts. The course is basic and very easy. I think this is a very good start to tableau.
Good course to get your head around the basic understanding of Tableau, I look forward to the rest.
Great course and a good starting point for learning Tableau. Provides basic skills to get started.
GREAT COURSE! Easy to follow. I would recommend to people who is first time learning Visualization
the pace of the course was apt and I learned various things that are important to make a good viz
Helped me to understand how to visualize the data with tableau, and learned more behind the data.
It was a good course where beginner gets a chance to understand and learn the basics of Tableau.
Amazingly encourage you to develop and Visualize your next Story. Thanks a lot to them for that!
Very friendly teaching videos and assignments for beginners to start the adventure for Tableau.
Amazing! Ms. Abbott was clear and concise, not to mention super helpful when I asked for advice
Not just provide the introduction of Tableau but also the basic concepts of data visualization.
Very good course and I believe that I can do the rest by myself by doing hands-on practice!!!
An appropriate course for a beginner. Instructors are great and provide a comprehensive view.
It was a well scripted and thought out course and of course helped me learn lots of new stuff
I'm so happy to complete the first course!It was fun and I'll continue this great experience.
Great course. Learn a lot, but I didn't know that I had to use Twitter to get a final grade.
This is really a nice course in understanding the data visualization and working of tableau.
I have learned so many important things which will definately going to help me in my career.
i really Love this course the educator is amazing she is doing great Keep up the good work !
I really enjoyed this course it was easy and quick to start data visualisation step by step.
course was great no doubt , except the 2nd week assignment which was difficult to interpret.
Well structured course for beginners. All the resources are good read and readily available.
This will be one of the Foundation skills for every professional in the future. Thanks Guys.
Gr8 course for beginners. Concepts are explained nicely and balance of theory and hands on.
This course gives me overall idea about tableau and help me to use in my real life career.
I loved the course and the simple way in which so many concepts were explained. Thank you!
Nice Course focusing on Visualizations with Tableau instead of vague Visualization skills.
Great entry course, would recommend to anyone wanting to learn what Tableau is all about.
Great start for anyone who wants to know the basics and principles of data visualization.
Nice bite-sized chunks of information helped make this course easy to follow & complete.
The course is very well designed and informative for beginners in Tableau visualization.
Great course. I learn the concepts and principles of designing visualization in Tableau.
Excellent Beginning to Data Visualization and how to think about presenting information.
I am very happy with the content of the course and intend to do the full specialization.
It's very helpful for me to create and present my scientific work in more meaningful way
the course was very informative and its the best course to start your career in Tableau
Great course to learn basics before diving into other technical aspects of tableau tool
Very Good Instructor. I properly learn Everything regarding  the Fundamental of tableau
I love the course. The ways in explaining the materials are simple and visualized well.
COURSERA IS A GOOD PLATEFORM TO LEARN ANYTHING.I LEARN TABLEAU IT IS EASY TO UNDERSTAND
This is a basic tool learning course for Tableau. I am expecting to learn more. Thanks.
it is well paced and provides a good fundamental understanding of the course at hand .
I like the course, helped me with the concepts of visualization and basics of Tableau.
Helps to setup Tableau and starts your individual journey to be a good story teller .
The course provided me with an excellent foundation for data science visualization.
This course was easy to understand and was gateful to learn this course at coursera
It is a nice course. We were able to understand the basic of  Tableau Visualization
Very interesting course with a new point of view regarding the who-what-how method.
it was a great experience learning with you and had much fun in learning thank you
Really, fantastic and helpful course.Thanks Coursera and University of California.
Loved it..very awesome learning and the courses are very crisp and to the point!!
Great start. Excellent videos and the introduction of material was done very well
great class...need to present  more examples so we can recreate them as we learn.
I really felt good taking this course and i am sure it will help me in my career.
Govind Sir was wonderful!! I really really enjoyed every moment of this course!!
It is very useful course with enriching knowledge of data visualization concepts
Good introduction to data visualization with hands-on experience using Tableau.
very well presented and a good difficulty curve. the trainer is very passionate
This course is  really essential and knowledgeable .Got to know so many things
it was a good learning and i am trying to continue the further course as well
Excellent courseIt did kick my interest in tableau and data visualizationLuca
Really fun course and the lectures goes at a nice peace. Really recommended.
The course gives a great introduction to the concepts of Data Visualization
One of the best course for the beginners in the field of data visualization
Good course for beginners. Anyone can complete this course within 3-4 days.
This course is a fantastic introduction to Data Visualization with Tableau.
Excellent introduction to Tableau. Hands on approach makes it fun to learn.
So useful to learn and know regardless of the industry you're in! Love it
You could very well visualize what it is visualization after this course.
It was well structured introduction into the Tableau software, thank you.
Great Course to understand the Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau
Very well structured, comprehensive and easy to understand. Very Helpful!
It helps lay the ground in studying data analytics and data visualization
Beautifully taught and I was guided by the mentor every step of the way.
Good Content keeping in mind the Beginners are enrolled for this course.
Extremely satisfied by this course! looking forward to more such courses
It would be better if we can access the complete version of the tableau.
Excellent course, very good study materials, Marvellous faculty members.
A very good course indeed. Everything was covered very comprehensively.
course is very good but if you add more about tableau then its great...
Great beginners course. Thank you for providing me this valuable skill.
An excellent course which is a must for a data visualisation associate.
Excellent content. The fundamentals of Tableau are explained very well.
Trainers were very skilled and overall i am satisfied with this course
Good Course for beginners with hands on exercises on Tableau software
Just right for an intro - looking forward to the remainder of course.
A clear explanation of interface and usage. Good for a basic course.
This course really Helped me in understanding the basics of Tableau.
Excellent teaching methodology and very informative course material.
I've learned a lot from this course.my basic skills were very poor.
Covered the basic of creating a story for visualisation in Tableau.
I enjoyed this course.. it was a little limited but a good way to t
It was a great course which taught how to use tableau practically.
Very interesting course, it motivates to learnand use Tableau more
Instructors are amazing and the course is not overwhelming at all.
Very informative course. Starts from scratch. Good for beginners.
This course is wonderful, it will help me in my office immensely!
Pretty exciting course, really objective, clear and resourcefull.
Very good course to start data visualization journey in Tableau.
Perfect course to get your feet wet if you plan to learn Tableau
It's a hands-on introduction to use Tableau.  Very good course.
So far so good !!! cant wait to go ahead with rest of the stuff
Awesome, insightful and highly relevant in this data-driven age
Very very useful to understand the viz in a professional manner
Good course to learn fundamentals of Tableau and Visualisation
A great start, basic of data analysis and approach towards it.
Great overview, and excellent start up guide to using Tableau.
I would highly recommend this course to anyone who wants to l
everything was so clear and the lecturer was so encouraging.
Very well done, easy to follow and still insightful. Thanks!
An excellent introduction to Tableau and Data Visualization.
This course is very interesting for me.I like it very much.
Nice course. To really work with real time dataset is good.
Great as an introductory course on Tableau for the beginner
Fundamentals of Visualization with Tableau is avery usefull
My very first coursera course and i will continue for sure!
This course was a good overview of the workings of Tableau!
Excellent introductory course on Visualization with Tableau
it was pretty exciting and I learnt a lot, thanks coursera
Easy to understand, learn how to accomplish a lot quickly.
excellent introduction, much better than other MMO courses
a good foundational and theoritcal explaination of concept
Great course and study material to start Tableau learning
Clear explanation as well as examples.Met my expectations
It was really good and cleared a lot of myths about data.
Tableau is an awesome tool to visualize data. I love it.
Very good course. I've learned about how to use Tableau.
provides a solid foundation for the practice of data viz
Excellent course to learn about the basics of Tableau :)
A great course to learn Tableau from the very beginning.
Best course to start learning about data visualisation.
Easy, Useful, Effective, Data-Visualization made easy!
Very clear and helpful starter information! Thank you!
this course started me on my road to making more money
Highly recommend for who want to start Analyst career
Great introduction to the world of data visualization
Quite good but need more content to practice Tableau.
Excellent training. Well understanding on the topics.
Excellent course. They teach very important concepts.
Quick and Useful Course. Very helpful for my project.
Very smoothly taught but less examples than expected
Well structured lectures. Well designed assignments.
The course is really helpful even for the beginners.
Excellent course for getting the fundamentals right
I really enjoyed this course ....Thank you Coursera
Good course to be taken to learn data visualization
The course content is good and easy to understand
Very helpful for foundation of data visualization
A beautiful into to this mammoth world of Tableau
Good foray into the subject of Data Visualization
I really liked this course. It is well organized.
highly informative and recommending for learning
Interesting course regarding Data Visualization.
very vivid,  easy to understand, help me a lot.
Very good training, all you need at this level.
Awesome course for beginner Tableau developers!
Great introductory course on data visualization
That's great to know the basic of Visualization
Good overview of the basics needed for Tableau
Really helpful in explaining the fundamentals.
Best Course , Freindly teachers from UC Davis
Many thanks to the professional instructions.
Well set-up and good introduction to Tableau
thanks for this wonderful  knowledge journey
Great Course. Useful for my job. Thank you!
good experience for learning tableau course
Excellent course, Loved every minute of it.
Nice course. I learned I lot of new things.
A great course Indeed! I really enjoyed it.
Best Tableau Specialization on the Internet
Great course!  The videos and references ar
Great Course, SImple teaching and learning.
Perfect way to start learning for beginners
I'm very happy when i take this courses ..
Excellent and in depth learning experience
Excellent! A great overview about Tableau.
Very useful course with clear instruction.
Great  and Quick way to understand tableau
This is a very good course for beginners.
Nice course on Visualization with Tableau
Good introduction to Tableau Fundamentals
thank u trainers Mr. Brar and Mr. govind
this course help me to enhance my skills
A neat and tidy introduction to Tableau!
Very interesting and information course.
Very Good Introductory course on Tableau
Great Course. Very helpful for beginners
Well balanced and excellently presented.
EXCELLENT BASE FOR TABLEAU FUNDAMENTALS
Great introduction to tableau and data.
your course are very beneficial for me.
great experience ...ready to thrill ...
A bit more of practice would be better
Wonderful course...Fantastic learning.
excellent courses learn various things
Very effective for introducing Tableau
Nice introduction to basics of Tableau
Great Content ...Govind sir you rocks
Awesome Course and great instructors.
Excellent Course, Highly recommended!
very good content and standard basics
Too good to start with Visualisation!
Well explained course for beginners.
Loved the course and the instructor.
Good subject material for beginners.
A very nice course to begin Tableau!
I like the Visualisations it creates
It was an Amazing learning journey!
Great heads on for beginners in TAB
TO GOOD TO VISUALIZE AND UNDERSTAND
A very good course for new comer. E
Great entry level course to Tableau
Awesome introduction to the course.
Very good introduction to Tableau.
Really enjoyed taking this course.
It is a great introductory course
Best to understand Tableau basics
Fantastic introduction to Tableau
Fundamentals should be like this!
Great course for getting started
learning with Coursera was great
Good Content with fantastic flow
Excellent course and faculty....
Nicely Articulated and Delivered
Great course,really enjoyed it!
Great intro course for Tableau.
Excelent course, shows the path
Course was thorough and helpful
Excellent course, very helpful
Nicely conceived and executed.
it's very good for freshers .
i learned lots of new options
nice  introduction to Tableau
it is very encouraging course
excellent Overview on Tableau
Very enjoyable, well-managed.
Good insight on visualization
Learnt a lot from this course
Easy to follow for the beginn
Nice Course for beginners!!!
It was great. Learned a lot.
very interesting course.....
Very clear and to the point.
good introduction to tableau
Learned basics about Tabelau
Good Introduction to Tableau
Good course, easy to follow.
Very good course! Thank you
The course was well taught.
A very good course,thanks!
Great introductory course.
Helpful and very organized
Great Course to begin with
Really good for a beginner
Good intro, well prepared.
It was really interesting
Good course! Thank you!
Nice foundation course.
Very attractive course!
Enjoyed the experience!
the teaching is awesome
Nice course! Thank you!
Coursera at its best!!!
Simple & Understandable
Good for fresh start.
It was fun to learn!!
Good intro to Tableau
Explained very well.
Improved my learning
Course worth taking!
So love this course
Very Good and clear
Course is very good
Awesome and amazing
i highly recommend
perfectexplanation
Simple and Elegant
wonderful learning
Nicely composed :)
Ilike this course
Course is useful
Course is great.
Great to learn.
Love the class!
Good basics !
best trainer
super easy
It was sim
