Chapter 1 & 2 are mainly dedicated for SEO careers. Chapter 3 is only a description of Google SEO updates.Chapter 4 is just a wrap-up videoVery disappointed by the content of this course
after watching so many videos like "how i got started on seo" "how to find a job as seo" "how to answer in an interview for SEO jobs" I've realized this course really needs to focus on what people wants to hear. We want to learn SEO not how someone got started on seo!
Unfortunately, this wasn't what I expected from the course. Maybe since I didn't take specialization but I feel that this course was too theoretical. I understand the history of SEO but I'm not confident how useful it'll be in real-life/commercial sense.
The first course in this specialize should really be called "a history of SEO." Only the week 4 material had the material that you are seeking to learn about.
Too much focus on history and non-useful elements like job interview and career choices (the latter technically should belong to a capstone course). Really didn't learn much and felt like there's no practical approach at all. The lecture format is boring and repetitive, and can be summed up into "here's what we'll talk about", talk about it, and ending with "here's what we talked about". The transcripts (which by the way have a number of mistakes) are the only materials available, the rest is just external links to a lot of other reading. New concepts/words are thrown out there without prior explanation, it seems like they were just forgotten and not covered in advance. Poorly structured. Basically, it's filler.
This course was not what I expected.  It only covered SEO theory, history and "day in the life for a SEO manager" which are all things I could have spent 2 hours on WIKI or reading a tech article.  There was no practical applications, exercises and real life working case studies.  I wanted practical knowledge that I could apply to my job, not a history lesson.  Very disappointed that I wasted this time.
The course assumes previous knowledge and uses jargons throughout. Module 1 completely irrelevant for someone starting out in the field. No practical knowledge gained whatsoever. Might as well read an article on SEO from a site like MOZ and then start with one of the later courses which I'm assuming should give practical assignments??
I have no idea what SEO is and how it works. Thus, I was super eager to know more about SEO in the 1st chapter. Yet, the first chapter introduces a lot about SEO career which should be at the end of the course.
Too basic. I know the course is called Introduction to SEO, but it doesn't even get to how to start working with it.
I thought this was a how to SEO course.  Too much useless history.
Outdated links and content.
It provides a broad overview, but materials are not very refined and the course does not provide a good structured approach to the subject. At least it did not for me, leaving me wondering as to what next steps could be if I wanted to explore further.
Useless course! Doesn't teach you anything apart from the history of SEO. They're practical courses available on youtube for free!
Introduction to SEO. You shouldn't expect nothing more that some superficial topics being explained.
The course is really boring and it doesn't spike interest so seems to me like a waste of time
it teaches you about the seo career, interview etc more than how to perform seo itself.
No more than interesting. May be next one has more meat on it?
Course Academy and historic
good for SEO introduction.
An evaluation is always tied to the value it provides in relation to the paid price. On the plus side: 1) It provides an interesting historical perspective of Search Engines, their evolution and the evolution of the algorithms and their purposes. 2) Rebeka May talks slowly and clearly. The transcripts also help in reviewing the contents of each lesson. On the minus side: 1) It is very theoretical and with no practical application.2) Lots of terminology pops out of the blue without any prior explanation, and would be difficult to understand for a total newbie.  Just as a very simple example, backlinks are mentioned several times. What is a " backlink" ?? I know what they are, but not everybody does. 3) There should be real support material, not merely " transcripts" 4) The Peer review does not make any sense. There should be a real test. The peers do not have a "higher" knowledge level to make an evaluation of the alummni.5) It is not possible to take the quizzes unless you " upgrade" . Presently this costs $ 80.Conclusion: it is an interesting course, but at $ 80 provides no value.Audit the course instead.  UC Davies  and Coursera should provide this course free of charge or with a voluntary "donation"
As a web developer, I found that I already knew about 98% of the information presented. The final 2% I could have found faster via a Google search than by watching the lectures. It was also a little strange to me that the course began with a segment on job opportunities and how to begin a career in SEO. I feel this would have made more sense after an introduction to the material.I also did not like that the free version of the course did not allow you to complete any of the assignments, as this has not been the case in my other Coursera courses. Not only were you unable to assess your comprehension of the material because of this, but also it meant receiving annoying emails and notifications that I had not completed the module. In other classes I have taken, there are additional resources and content for the paid users. As it stands, I'm really glad I did not pay for this class.I will continue to the next SEO course, because I'm hoping that it will delve more into the technical aspects of optimization, but I am not pleased with the format so far.
Lectures are far too short, and for some reason follow the "tell them what you're going to say, say it, then tell them what you said" approach. Yeah, not necessary when the "lecture" is only 1 minute long. The course would be 10 minutes shorter if they just did lectures like every other lecturer.Glosses over lots of stuff with little depth. You need to watch the later courses to see how to actually apply some of this stuff which makes it quite frustrating. It's like the sort of quality you get on Udemy, which is disappointing. Still, at least the course is free...
Although informative, this course is dated... SEO courses should be updated with new information every 3 months.  Additionally, this course focuses on history and career information.. but I feel the career information should come in the 4th course for this speciality.  How would someone even know if they're interested in an SEO career before they've delved into it?
Ok to go ahead. But when you finish the PART-1 you come to know web designer have much scope to this. I want to quit this course. Please arrange for the same. I am core marketeer with B pharma, not a web designer, not suitable for me.
The first 2 weeks of this course aren't really practical as the 1st week merely discusses SEO Career opportunities which would be better discussed after the course when the students are already equipped with knowledge. For the 2nd week, it mainly dealed with history of internet, websites, and search engines which I think can be discussed in only one video so that more practicable topics can be discussed. The speaker doesn't really speak that clearly and sometimes you have to guess what she's saying. The videos are also not as informative as I would like and a lot of it consists of the speaker just saying "I put a link where you can learn this" instead of actually discussing it in the video. I'm well into the 3rd week and I still have no idea how search engine works, how to optimize it, and how to have my website rank better on the search engine.
Content is good. But you need to pay to be able to answer quiz. In other courses of that specialization track you even need to pay to do peer assessments. It is a shame that education and securing the learn success seems not to be the focus anymore - it seems that focus turned towards monetization. So before taking the course be aware that you can not get a participation rate of 100% due to locked quizzes, which will only be unlocked once you paid.
Slow-paced, stuffed with "filler", does very little to introduce students to actual hands-on SEO in any way. No exercises, no detailed examples -- really frustrated that I spent money on this course.  The "intro" to the history and the field as an evolving career path -- this could have been covered much more quickly, but it was used to make the course longer.  Really disappointed in this offering from a good university.
I failed to figure out how to translate the theory (presented in the lectures) into practice (the only assignment, a website audit). I would have benefited from another application assignment that was a stepping stone to the full-blown audit. Information was interesting, but not sure this is a good course for someone new to the nitty gritty of SEO.
The first week was absolutely not relevant to someone like me who is looking to learn about SEO to improve my copywriting and has no desire to change careers to SEO. That was a big waste of my time. I felt the only really helpful practical modules were at the end of the course, and too much time was wasted discussing the industry and its history.
Not what I expected, it focuses too much on the history of SEO rather than on bringing practical tools. It feels outdated and it provides old links. It's also quite boring, it is too obvious the teacher is reading throug, she provides no emotion or inspiration to keep on. The first part of the job interviews should have been a warning.
Should be renamed "History of the Internet and Search Engines" as its more preoccupied with historical facts and memorizing specific Google algorithm changes rather than teaching actually usable skills. If you like fun trivia this course is for you, if you are looking to make yourself or your employer money... not so much.
Very theoretical. The first part of the course focuses on .... how to answer in a job interview, and on the different jobs related to SEO, with non-updated information (articles from 2012!!). Not at all relevant in a "SEO specialization" and very very very disappointing!
I felt that all of the career info in Week 1 was unnecessary for an introductory course. It should have led with more fundamentals. I think that the career info could have just been linked at the end of the course rather than a series of videos.
A nice overview and history of SEO, its importance and information on the algorithm updates throughout the years, but does not include any practical elements of implementing SEO to your site or client sites.
Personally, I was hoping to learn about SEO through doing hands-on assignments. This course seemed very repetitive and not very engaging.
This course provides only theoretical knowledge about SEO. Do not do this course if you are looking for a more practical side like I was
Course lacks real example and full of theory.  It lacks steps of what actually needs to be done to achieve SEO.
It's somewhat harder to learn information and retain it when the speaker is stumbling over their content. Additionally, there are ways to show SEO optimization in a more interactive way. I think this course could be improved with a more thoughtful look at the content.
The majority of the information is not useful in both academic or practical manner. Too much is spent on career advice and historical review.Very little value, theory or tactics is provided to anyone who needs to actually implement SEO.
This course is overstretched with irrelevant topics loke history of SEO, which don't add any value to industry demands.
This was more like the history of SEO, you don't really learn too much about the hands-on technical aspects of SEO.
Teaching Quality Is Very Low, Information is also lacked, By The Way Tutor words are not understable.
This course is pretty old considering how fast this field changes,
Good content, but blocked quizes in free version is bad idea.
Please review the transcriptions, there are mistakes.
I think the first two weeks were useless.
Not bad for who have never met the SEO
Not sure how this course is usefull.
Thank you Coursera.
It is a good intro for somebody like myself with no background. An entire section was dedicated to getting a job in the field which wasn't useful for me. The course is also 4 years old, and while much of the reading is new, I wish it focused more on tactics and less on the history of search (another whole section).
I think you should focus more in SEO basics and not so much in jobs, history and things like that.
A lot of unrelated information for an introduction in the 1st 2 modules.
I audited the course, so take that as you will, but:I was diligent about watching all the videos and doing all the reading. Overall, I feel like I came away with good information and basic understanding. However, I often found the lectures a little disorganized...or perhaps mis-organized would be a better description. As a result, there was a lot of repetition of things I don't really think needed to be repeated as much. I ended up organizing my notes in a way that made more sense and had a better flow. I think starting with the overview of SEO as a part of a larger Digital Marketing discipline was good, but should have been followed with how a search engine works, then history of search engines. Where that section ended with AdWords should have been followed by Algorithms and Updates, which could be done chronologically and then broken down into sections of "Best Practices" and "Worst Practices" since the updates and new algorithm releases either sought to eliminate worst practices or enhance the user experience (and thus falls under best practices). That could be followed by What To Do if Penalized. End the course with the focus on a career in SEO. Just my two cents.
Some interesting history on SEO. Too much on getting employed as an SEO professional.
Interesting, but too generic. Without proceeding in the following courses, this one is totally unuseful. Conversely, if you want to have a deep learning about SEO, this could be a great introduction to this wide world
This was somewhat helpful. In general, I didn't find really useful information until course 2 began. However, it may be that I simply am not skilled enough in SEO yet to recognize the importance of finding out so much about its history. One good thing about this course was helpful background on SEO that enabled one to immediately spot some old SEO practices that some sites still use, but quickly see these are no longer relevant. It may be helpful to understand why some poorly-managed sites are still doing them, however.One thing I found unhelpful was lots of reading about, and attempts to get me into the discussion of the monetization of the Internet. For one thing, I'm hardly advanced enough in SEO to have any useful opinion on this matter, so it was both a waste of time and an encouragement to develop a largely ignorant opinion. (And once people develop opinions, they tend to fight over them, especially online, in utterly unhelpful ways). Second, for someone who wishes to get into SEO, this debate is irrelevant. It may have interesting philosophical value outside of your job, but the reality is the Internet IS optimized; like it or not. If you don't accept this, don't go into SEO.Although history is one of my passions, and I found the long historical youtube video very interesting indeed, it was not actually relevant or valuable. As a professional educator coming to this course, I can spot make-work and filler gunk from a mile away.
Good information presented, but I can't get past the outdated teaching method of using the first 45 to 60 seconds of each video to talk about what the video is going to cover, then spending 30 seconds repeating those bullet points at the end of each video. Some videos are 4 minutes long, so more than half of the content is not actually content, it is essentially the instructor reading the outline for the upcoming content. It's a waste of both instructor and learner time. There are errors in the materials, and since there is no instructor feedback/interaction, there is no way to find out what was meant (including in reading assignments). All you can do is submit a ticket to get it fixed and hope that it gets corrected for the next people who take this course.
PositivesA good place to start in relation to SEO. It gives you a basic overview of the history and development of the field as well the range strategies used in modern SEO. The video presentations are informative, clear and well-paced. If you have no real great understanding of how modern SEO works then it certainly delves deep enough to give you a better idea of whether it would be a career path you might want to follow. NegativeSome of the supplementary reading material and videos can be a bit hit and miss in relation to their quality as educational or informational materials.
Don't get me wrong. The course is a nice broad introduction. Rebekah May has a lovely way of teaching. However, the first "two weeks" are more of an HR commercial, advertising the SEO career than actually teaching relevant topics. Also "week two" with the co-professor is more than unnecessary and can be left out completely. The rest is (though it is very basic and starts from the very beginning) nicely explained and interesting. I am looking forward to watching the deeper modules and will continue to give this a chance!
Videos are pretty informative, especially in weeks 3 and 4. The first two weeks covered history of SEO and job market info, which I found less useful, although it gave me a more comprehensive picture of SEO in general. There's no technical info in this course. The additional readings are not useful (outdated, not well written, many ads on the blogs). The quizzes are okay, but some questions are poorly constructed. The course could be improved with much more interactivity and reinforcement of the concepts.
For me personally, this course was a little waste of time. I entered the course to learn how to optimize content of websites for SEO. Week 4 covered this a little bit with insight into keyword semantics. The weeks 1-3 were not so interesting for me because they cover the job-role "SEO", history of search engines in general and give an overview of major Google search algorithm updates of the past 15 years. This course is great for people who do not have any IT-background and pursue a new career.
This course is an overview of SEO and doesn't go into a lot of detail of how SEO is actually implemented on the site. What it does do is offer a snapshot of the industry as a job outlook, discuss Google's algorithm impact on SEO practitioners, offers interviews with current SEO analysts and experts, and describes how content affects SEO.  I recommend taking the more practical courses in the specialization to get skills needed unless you're an absolute beginner and have no clue what SEO is.
It was an OK course but I didn't think that starting with a whole week on a career in SEO is a good idea. How can I be interested in a career in a field I still know nothing about? Teach me something first and then maybe at the end add some information on how to pursue a career in this area. I skipped almost all of the first week simply because I didn't sign up for the course looking for a career, and couldn't have been convinced to consider it without having taken any other lessons.
Very good overview, though it is specifically targeted to those who want an introduction to SEO because they plan to pursue a career in it. I took the course to brush up on basic SEO practices. I'm established in my marketing career though I believe in continuous learning so this was helpful. The job search information wasn't useful. I would love to see a course called - "Basic SEO for the marketing professional" or something to that degree.  Thanks.
This was a nice introduction to what SEO is and how it is used in the real world. I liked the short format of the videos and readings that helped orient learners in current dialogues. I wasn't a fan of having the "careers" week first, before we really even knew what SEO was, and I would have liked more hands-on projects or questions to put us in the shoes of an actual SEO professional, but on the whole, I liked the course!
needs more hands on material to drive lessons home. Mindlessly watching videos while robotically taking notes is not going to help in job interviews... the people teaching the course you can tell are highly skilled at what they do. I love the integration of philosophy and tying in Ludwig Wittgenstein. That was super insightful. Overall I think this course could be better but not bad.
There is a ton of great information in this course if you are wanting to learn the theory and history behind SEO. Professor May dumped tons of her knowledge and others' to make this course a great resource for anyone wanting to now the basic "why's" of SEO. The reading assignments can get lengthy at times, but worth sticking it out for.
I liked how the course introduced the SEO concepts from a historical perspective. However, the quizzes were based on memorizing the names of the updates and numbers. This might work from some, but for me it did not provide extra learning value when you fail quizzes because you didn't memorize, rather than conceptualized knowledge.
The course is interesting and gives you a good understanding of what SEO is and how search engines work. That said, it does not get into the technical details on how you should build your HTML pages to help search engines better understand what your site is about, which, in my opinion is also important.
It was nice to hear some basics, but it was a lot of subjective information, didn't feel like I was learning as much as I was being sold.  However, again, there were some decent basics sprinkled through out. Also, the instructor videos were not super engaging, how scripted they were was very obvious
There were a few topics that i felt were not totally relevant to the purpose of this course- the history of the internet especially . The whole course was also too theoretical . I think it can be modified to better . Overally, I enjoyed this learning and I hope to continue the process .
The video content was great. I learned a lot about the SEO and how numerous factors affected the visibility of a website. But in my humble opinion, the reading material was more like an aggregate of different articles that I could have found online through my research.
One of the issues I have with this is that it doesn't seem to have been updated since 2018. The links are up to 2018, but between then and 2020, there must be things that must have changed.The course quizzes for me were moderate to moderately high level of difficulty.
It really gives you an insight into the world of SEO and the best practices involved. Before signing up for the course, I had zero knowledge about the search engine and keyword optimization, but this course really helped me enhance my knowledge.Suchithra Pillai
The course didn't provide many specific SEO tactics which I expected and too much focus was on history of search engines. Also, the questions in the quizzes were mostly focused on some very specific details rather than understanding the topic in general.
I personally think it would have been better if more educational content was covered in the videos. Most of the important content was given to us in readings rather than being covered in videos. other than that its a great introductory course!
While this course was full of interesting information, it was a front loaded with much useless information...interesting nonetheless. I, however would prefer a course that jumps a bit faster to the so called nitty-gritty. Overall, good stuff!
Student should be able to see results of test ( at least quiz 1 and 2) before we decide to purchase. Overall the course was easy to understand and follow. I look forward to taking to others in the series.
I dont feel confident that I can increase my website's ranking after this class. The info was very basic and geared toward what is looked for in a SEO career track. Not very pertinent to my situation.
Felt that the first week, how to get a job in SEO should be the last module. Unsure the value it has when you don't even know SEO at the level one would need in order to get a job in SEO.
While it had some good content, it was difficult to get past a lot of the grammar and spelling errors. Also, sharing Wikipedia pages as informational text in a course is a huge turn off.
Very informative, however a bit too detailed on the history of previous search engines and past Google updates. Could've done with a bit less history and more up to date information.
The course provides great resources, but it seems to lack moderators. I finished the course and I have yet to get any feedback from the hosts and students rarely interact.
Ver basic knowledge and more so theory than strategy. Coursera needs to start teaching strategy with little theory so that people understand strategy and can implement.
Not much was explained in the videos. Too many lengthy articles were provided to read through. I don't think I gained much value from this. Highly disappointed.
I'm starting a business. I need to learn so I can earn. I think you should cut out the philosophy and the art of SEO and cut straight into practical exercises.
As a high level & historical intro it was a nice overall background. What the course failed in was discussing a far more practical & tactical approach.
i wish this course gave some deeper knowledge specially in last week modules but i need to say thank you courseera for  letting me join this course.
Overall, it had useful information for someone who didn't know a lot about SEO. However, I wish that the videos' audio quality was better.
A bit of interesting information but mostly "here is what was happening in browsers in 1995". Gets much better from the next course on tho
Perhaps a bit too basic (and thus boring). But holding out hope it'll prove to be a good foundation for the rest of the specialization
This was far better than any introduction i have ever seen. It carry us through all the fundamentals we as a beginner need to know.
Very high level introduction to the various themes of SEO. Mostly a history lesson; less about what the actual work looks like.
The videos were every instructional .  the reading was  a bit thick for intro and never found information for a site audit.
The course should go deeper on the algorithm and tools, even if it is just an introductory course on the specialization.
It would have been way better and more interesting if they had focussed on videos lectures rather than more readings.
The insights given and topics covered are good. Perhaps a little more explanation and justification is needed.
Clear but a bit superficial. Hope the rest of the course will flesh out in more detail the various topics.
It would be more valuable if there was more case studies and practical examples of how to work with seo
Content is good but there is no practice whatsoever. So much theory can become boring at times.
I wish if you could accept the submission of answers without upgrading to enroll for payment.
There could have been more practical examples of the hands-on activities you do as a SEO
I am disappointed by not being able to do the assignments unless I pay for the course.
Good intro to SEO, I would have liked to have a bit more practice questions involved.
Good. But should include more practical training and tips for more tools to use etc.
I founded this course quit amazing,and now I am looking for specialization in SEO.
Course should be more application based. I found Week 3 & 4 quite informative.
Its been a good take away but over time course should more focus on SEO today
its more about the why than the how. Its interesting but no very hands-on.
Very basic course. Small videos that help you understand the key terms
Nice intro course. A little light on content but I still learned a lot
if the course slides will be provided then it will be very helpfull
Just bare essentials , can be found online in other places for free
lots of good info but no hands-on work, which was disappointing.
Only basic course work not very deep though. More lessons to go
Its a nice course . it helps a lot to learn basics of seo
Distracted, useless info and short (finished in 3 Hours)
More practical; techniques to do SEO should be thought.
Almost nothing relevant to start working, but fine.
Its a good course for basic understanding of SEO
More on the history of SEO rather than tactics.
need to be more advanced even for a beginner.
More practice would be desirable.
Less practical work videos.
I want to leave the course
Very sparst profund info.
Good introduction to SEO
A lot of theory
Great introductionary course from people in the business. Like I say it's introductionary and gives you some useful tips and ways on how you can improve yourself in this field so you can get acquainted with SEO. Only down point is that SEO changes so quickly and resoruces are from 1-2 years ago usually.
It was allright, but I would like it more, if it had more practice oriented things.
this course clears the fundamental concepts very well
I know this is an
introductory course, and it offered a good high level overview of SEO, but it
seems a little too high level for someone wanting to really understand how SEO
works.  For someone completely new to SEO, it leaves a lot of unanswered
questions.  Maybe this is by design so that more advanced courses will be
taken, but I think providing a bit more detail and case study of the topics
presented in the course would go a long way to making this a great course. For
example, include different website comparisons for topics like websites with
good keyword use, versus bad keyword use, show a site that effectively used
back-linking versus one that did not, what did the good site do differently
(both in theory and technically speaking), show a well braded website that
pulls together many of the concepts versus one that is not, deconstruct a few
websites and show how the concepts work, and how to implement the concepts
presented. For a intro course, it wouldn’t have to be detailed-that can come
later, but having some real world examples would really help the concepts to
stick. That said, if you just want a better perfunctory understanding of SEO,
this course does that well!
Overall I found the course insightful. Starting from revision of what jobs can one consider having expertise in SEO was an interesting idea of the course designers, but I personally liked it. The following part on the history of internet was also great, as I never really gave much thought to the beginnings. SEO best practices was probably the part that I kind of expected the course to start with, but it was nice to have the perspectives set in place before diving into more technical aspects. At times I found the videos quite fast and some terms I needed to check additionally to better understand what it is about. The extra reads and videos were very nice and helpful. I must say that the tests were not always as easy I would have expected from the course material and they did require some thought. I think that if someone has own web and just wants to get to know some basics on how to make it rank a bit better, probably focusing on week 3 and 4, especially extra materials, will be most beneficial.
This course was a great overview of SEO in a nutshell. This is a good part of it.Also, there were a bit of technical tools which can be used for understanding the SEO a bit intensified than others. Next I became aware of the history of SEO. Also came to know that it needs a lot of reading regarding different niche we will work on. Such as, if I work for a lubricant company, I have to be highly aware of users that what they search for also I should know all pros and cons of lubricant industry regarding economical aspects to perform the SEO tactics in ethical formation. Besides this course helped me to understand the precise designation of the career in this field of work. Overall, this course was very consistent about its topics. Mostly I liked the course as it is totally related to excessive studies, psychological strategies and tactics. Which helped me the most to complete this course with great enthusiasm. Hope other courses will be more exciting with more technical and triggering points.
In this course I also learned history of SEO. But in quiz many questions ( mostly week 1 and week 2) based upon history like for example , First Robot , How invented it , First engine , Given name of scientist and asked what's he invented , and many others. So, my request is that you shouldn't ask these type of question in quiz because it's very hard to remember all this. And after quiz everyone will forget that. All this are good for understand SEO but not for quiz.And other thing is , you provide reading materials for 1 hour,1 hour 30 min, 30 min etc..  But it takes more time than you mentioned. Because you provide direct links and there is a lots of material.So I want that you should provide your own notes which are made by that links materials.And rest of things are very very good. I learned so much in only few hours of few weeks. videos are very much.
It is what it says. An introduction to SEO. I really liked the part where they discussed different algorithm updates on Google and how it has affected websites. Just by watching through all the videos won't help you with anything. The videos are more like an introduction to topics and are mostly things you already know if you've been building and managing websites. The core material is those links provided in the course materials. I found a lot of interesting sites and helpful tools. I also learnt about techniques (usually recommended on some articles) that I should stay away from to avoid penalization. Overall, a great course. But could've gone a little deeper with the concepts. A great course for complete beginners.
This course was incredibly informative and very easy to follow. The instructor, Rebekah May, was great. The course materials were presented in a very cohesive way that built upon the next. the only complaint or feedback I have- is that Week 3 was noticeably more time intensive than the rest. Not sure with the way the course was structured that it could be broken up more- but as a learner- it was noticeably more intensive than the rest of the course. Overall it was a really informative and useful course for those wanting to get a good grasp on SEO. Thanks for the effort in putting this together- it was quite well done.
Introduction to Search Engine Optimization was an excellent way to consolidate some of the knowledge and experience I have in this area from prior projects, and introduced me to a comprehensive history and understanding of search engines, algorithms, best practices, branding and more. I would recommend it to anyone interested in obtaining an introductory overview.  My only suggestion to improve the course would be for more updated reading materials, as many of them are somewhat outdated due to the lightning-fast speed of change in this industry.
Decent course. Takes a while to get you to best practices and more useful info, but hang in there and then it starts to become useful.  I am assuming that it will get more in-depth as we get further into the specialization (I signed up for it). If you have any SEO experience/real world marketing and website management experience, you can probably skip this first course entirely, or just take the quizzes and pass...though I am guessing it won't be the same situation in the later classes.Thanks,
This course was great to get a more broad understanding of what SEO is and some more steps to take to improve a website's rank in search results.  A little feedback... the course focused quite a lot on the history of search.  Also, there was a lot of mention of what used to be.  For people who don't have a background in SEO or know much of the history, this could make things more confusing.  What's really important is how everything works right now.  Really appreciate this course.  Great work.
Thank You for a brilliant walk-through in the world of SEO as I took baby steps into understanding what the SEO really means. The course content was simple and easy to understand and had a lot of material and of course, important links to learn from. Rarely, I stumbled across some concepts like back links or on-page SEO or CTR etc. which I though could have been better explained. But overall, this has added fuelled a great curiosity in me to keep learning further. Thanks again!
This course seems to have spent as much time discussing career fields as it did teaching anything. The primary thing learned is the history of Google algorithm updates and how they influence SEO best practices. You don't really learn much about SEO, but I guess it is an intro into the field. Did not cover as much as I wanted. If it did, I'd guess I would end up paying UC Davis less, and that would be a bad thing for UC Davis.
It's a very good course, that increased my basic knowledge a lot about SEO and let me be more aware of stuff that I am sure will be helpful in learning the deeper information, yet my only complain is that there were some terms and information in the part of "Evaluating links" that I felt that I needed further explanation in it, as they were a little bit confusing for me. But overall, the course is perfect!
It was rather dull in most areas and repetitive. It was difficult to stay focused especially during the history portion. There should be activities to break it up, some kind of interactive task to wake back up. The videos were longer than needed in most cases followed by even more reading. I like the other courses in this specialization but this one was very dry and it was difficult to stay focused.
I would have loved if a copyeditor worked on the transcripts of the videos! I know the transcripts were automatically generated (or, at least, they seemed to be), but they weren't always accurate. I learn better reading than listening, so I relied on the transcripts a lot. There were several times when the transcript was incredibly confusing because it didn't align with the video.
The career section in week 1 was a bit detail for an introductory course, but I nonetheless enjoyed the whole experience of joining this course. It was really fun and informative to learn about the evolution of web and SEO, the algorithms that govern it and the best practices we ourselves can follow. Thanks a lot Rebakah May, UCDavis and Coursera for offering this course :)
Great course for total beginners to SEO. It gets you acquainted with some basic concepts, though doesn't get you to the point where you could actually apply the knowledge - later courses should hopefully do that. More concrete examples comparing sites applying and not applying certain strategies would have been incredibly helpful and made memorizing the material easier.
The Introduction to Search Engine Optimization was a very informational and basic course for those who are interested in starting their career in SEO. I think they could've focused more on strategies we could implement but as it said in the title, it is only an introductory class. I'll recommend this to people who are interested in starting their SEO journeys.
Interesting course. It is very technical on the history of SEO and very granular on how algorithms are done. Gave me good insight on what to look for while managing my SEO agency. It would have been helpful to have it tie more into the marketing and social media and how to tie those elements together from a marketing strategy, but overall I am glad I took it.
I appreciated the background on search engines and their development. In terms of overall course structure I would prefer a 1hr video rather than so many 3 to 7min segments with 10 second transition times inbetween. It doesn´t allow to get into a concentrated flow state of mind, and is quite disruptive in the non-digital business model use of the term.
Very interesting course for everyone, who wants to try themselves in SEO and learn more about it. I put 4 of 5, because I hope, that in future there will be subtitles in other languages, except English. It would be much easier in understanding for people from no English-speaking countries.Thanks a lot for new for me information and good luck!
I really liked the course, it helped me to understand the basics of SEO. However, I feel that part of the material was too easy and the other one a bit too complicated. I think that for example the SEO career topic could have been shorter and instead we could have learned more about the google updates or expand more of a "SEO jargon".
This was very good introduction to SEO. You get to learn about the history of search engines and how every Google update changed the landscape. However,  sometimes I felt the content could've been richer and some reading were outdated. Besides that, I highly recommend this to anyone looking to get their feet weet on SEO knowledge.
Very informative on the development and history of search engines, and detail on how to avoid bad SEO practices on Google's search engine. Would be also useful to digital marketers, branding marketers, and content creators. To widening knowledge on the online search practice and improving brand/blog/website online presence.
The course offers some nice guidance on how to start a career in SEO, basic models and concepts of SEO are being explained. I am very happy with what I got out of this course. One thing that could be improved is the conceptualization, a more clear structure can be very helpful especially to possible first-time learners.
This was a helpful overview and introduction to the basics of Search Engine Optimization. There was a lot of occupational information, which I wasn't too personally interested but I can see how that might be useful to others taking this introductory course. I found the material was easy to get through and well laid out.
The course focused too much on careers in SEO, and the required personality traits.  SEO is part of many other career streams, so spending 1/2 of the course on SEO as a career was a complete waste of time for me.  Did enjoy the historical walk-through of the  GA algorithm, and the point to refocus on.  Thanks
Great introductory course with useful information. Appreciated the glimpse into what a day in the life of SEO looks like and all of the advice for getting started. Would have liked an opportunity to practice some optimization techniques. I audited the course so perhaps that was available in the full course.
I liked the course contents, especially the Google algorithm evolution and the assignment to do an SEO analysis.I felt the first week content related to the jobs in the field of SEO was a bit long and could have been shortened since many aspects were repeated in the "consulting/agency" and "in-house" roles.
The information provided is great, but I think it could use a  bit of an update, specially in the resources since they seem to all be from 2015 or before. But as an Introductory course it gives you a very fair understanding of what it is, how it works, and a bit of an insight of the industry of SEO.
Good background and basic info. Well organized. I feel like the bottom line of the whole course could have been summed up in about two mintues: SEO is so complex now that all you have to do is make high quality content and a stable, recognizable brand. Gaming the SEO system doesn't work. The end.
very good Course. its more on history of seo and how it evolve. i think it should include what is backlink? how you to start seo as beginner? how to check content? because this are the factor you will do seo with. Thanks to Coursera for this lovely course. wish they will evolve as seo does.
The course didn't keep me so motivated, unfortunately. I doubt it was the fault of UC Davis (the instructors were quite nice!), but perhaps my growing lack of interest in the biased SEO field. I'm a writer and think that adhering to Google's brand-biased guidelines strips me of creativity.
I recommend this course to the immature SEO learners. It helps to establish a fundamental understanding of how SEO has evolved over the past decade. The second half of the courses emphasises on the algorithm updates, explained in a very clear manner with the assignment being well designed.
I definitely feel that this course offers a wealth of material with regards to the basics of SEO. Some of the quiz questions were a little confusing, but overall, I'm very pleased with the course and will be taking the other related courses to complete the specialization.
Great background information. I would prefer a little bit more "how to" vs. pure history. Also the proportion of reading to lecture material can be equalized. I am looking for a the instructor's knowledge on the subject primarily. The rest can be easily found online.
It was really really helpful. However, I wanted the course to teach some advanced techniques like how to use some tools. That are the kind of lessons that can help users/students to get a job.Otherwise, it was very well structured course. Thumbs up to the instructor
I really liked the structure and the content of this course but I didn't like the assignment questions. The questions went into too much detail instead of questions about understanding the topic. All in all it's a great course for people who want to get into SEO!
The information explained meets the title. I would love to learn more and want to use the methods in real time and see how the concepts of SEO are working in real time. Also I felt, it is necessary to update few of the links as SEO landscape is changing.
I enjoyed this course and feel like I've learned a lot about the history of SEO. Ms. May did a great job with the presentations and her explanations were clear and concise. I found myself bookmarking and saving many of the links she shared as resources.
Great intro, plenty of resources. If you are unfamiliar with SEO and looking to begin researching this topic, here is a good start. It is JUST an introduction. If you are more familiar with SEO, you might not feel like you gain much from this course.
This course is more about the history of SEO and how to apply for an SEO position as opposed to intro to SEO principles and strategies. The questions are also a little misleading and some of the external resources seemed outdated or unprofessional.
Good introduction, though some articles are from 2011 and years ago that according to this lesson are likely not relevant now. Still good history to know, would like to see more up to date info in this lesson. Looking forward to learning more.
informative, really good background on SEO, not very pragmatic though, one presentation with a summary of the '10 things todo to improve your SEO' would be useful (although i understand that the broader background gives people a better basis)
It's a good introduction to SEO. A lot of history - I was maybe hoping to go a little deeper into how to setup a successful SEO strategy. This would be for another lesson :) THe teacher is great, easy to understand, good graphic support.
It has been very useful all what we learned, it gives us a very wide panorama of how the world of SEO is and what things to take into account to be able to optimize. Very useful to be able to layout correctly taking into account google.
This is one of the most imp courses which covers the basic topic for the SEO.People directly run for the top order before clearing the base. for SEO this is the base. You will get to know how SEO evolve with time and will keep changing.
More about the general concept of what is SEO, what are the webmaster's career future as an SEO and history of the development of Google algorithms. Good lesson for the beginner to get a total picture and dive deeper to the next course
Weeks 2-4 contained good information about how Google searches for websites, and a quick outline of how Google's algorithms calculate which sites get ranked. Week 1 was out of place, and a poor introduction to the rest of the material.
It was nice course but there was lot about history rather practical work. Maybe some history is necessary and useful for further and next parts of the course. I am happy and i learned something unique and extra.Thank you very much.
Solid introduction to SEO landscape. Not sure if the info and supporting docs were current to 2018? I found the first two modules went very quickly and probably could be combined. The third took considerably more time to complete.
The course was quite informative overall, considering that it is an introduction. I wish it had less carrier oriented information though since it is not valuable for everyone and since it was not part of the course's description.
I really liked the course and it was easy to understand. While I feel like I gained value I would prefer less historical overview and more practical knowledge although the reading material provided was very practical and useful.
This course is a gem lfor people like me who wants to build a career in content writing as well as through blogging but lacks the fundamentals. I wish to complete all the upcoming 4 courses of this topic by COURSERA!!!!!!!!!
This course was encouraging and well structured. Thanks a lot!!One less star, because the way lecture has been delivered could have been more conversational instead of one way. Like the way Udacity delivers.Plz don't mind :P
It was very good and course material was also good .Proper balance between videos and course materials. Introduction part and information about jobs in this field was helpful. It was great to study history of google search.
Good overview, but very much just an introduction. You get a general idea of how SEO works(and how it used to work), but it's not the most actionable knowledge. Hopefully, those things are covered in the following courses.
The content is pretty good. Although the videos should have a better balance between narration and on-screen text. Having long text content and narration can be distracting sometimes.Overall, very complete and detailed.  .
It introduces SEO generals. Shortly and broadly points to some aspects of SEO field. There are some interesting articles and videos linked to study blocks. I would take it again after learning more about specifics of SEO.
I feel like this course is more theoretical and features a less hands-on approach. nevertheless, the course materials provided are great and very useful. I look forward to more practical lessons in the upcoming course.
Great Introductory course! Learned the history and advancement of SEO, and things that contributes to it. It would have been 5 stars if lingos / technical terms were briefly described. (eg. Anchor text,Web-copy,etc)
Fantastic course for absolute beginners! I kept wondering, though, at the rate of speed the instructor was saying these new algorithms were released, what has changed in the two years since this series was recorded!
Good introductory course take you through the evolution of search algorithms and what they were designed to optimize/penalize.  Also introduced some good online resources.  Looking forward to the next course in the
The course was awesome.. Truly, I have learned  about the introduction of the web and the birth of search
engines, followed by their progression and development through out the modern era.  Thanks to the Team.
It was very helpful, appreciate the instructor enthusiasm and i got very useful information about SEO as a start. Yet it will be much better to add more examples from real life in the course content. Thanks.
I liked the course. You still have to use English easier and better articulate. Decrease the speed of your speech as well, as it is a little difficult for non-English speakers to understand better. Thank you
This course provides a lot of information and seems like a good introduction, however a lot of memorization is involved in order to pass the quizzes. I look forward to continuing on this SEO specialization!
This is a wonderful Course to understand the Basics of SEO. A person who don't know anything about SEO can learn many things. (Not recommended for those who have good understanding of SEO Basics before)
The course was very comprehensive and exhaustive on On-Page SEO.Can include more details about Off-Page SEO and Domain related SEO.Overall a very well explained and useful Course.Thank you Very Much.
It was a great course for an overview of SEO and you’ll learn about the algorithms used by Google.I recommend this course for every beginner who is interested in learning Search Engine Optimisation.
I really enjoyed the "Introduction to Search Engine Optimization" course. It brings a good overview of the basics, and I was very impressed with the number of extra materials provided. Thank you!
I liked how she started from the introduction and super basics about the course and then dived into the core part of it. Even though it was a four week course but there's a lot to learn still.
The course has given a detailed idea about what SEO is and how it has evolved over the years however I am expecting a more hands on practice season which was not included in this basic course.
This course is amazing. As a course name gives you an idea about its topic it's just an introduction of SEO. But it is very important for everyone who wants to do SEO for his/her website/blog.
This SEO concept is very new to me, and I find it helpful after going through the modules.The outside links are interesting as well. I just think you can dive more deeply into some topics.
I liked the course but for some questions, I could not find the answer in the course. For example, in module 3, the question regarding which of them are not traditional algorithm updates.
If you have time, it is a good course to start to understand how SEO works. If (like me) you work and don't have time, it can be a little too much useless especially in some parts of it.
Very good intro into what SEO is all about, and a great starting point for fresh SEO's. Don't expect very in-depth or technical info - while it's covered, it's done so at a high level.
It gives a good overview of SEO. Then I work in Sweden some parts about finding a job in SEO is not so relevant for me. But I liked the course and I will take the following once also.
Course and topics covered are Very helpful, but I request to add more examples and case studies so that topic becomes more understandable easily coz alone theory can not help a lot...
The course content is really good and created a good understanding of SEO. But it could have been more with examples of websites which used SEO and could have added some activities.
Great course with a lot of worthwhile information! But I didn't find information about a role of neural networks and machine learning in the development of Search Engine algorythms.
Could be a bit more hands-on, but I love the quizzes and the content. It forces the learner to pay attention and actually learn, rather than just breeze through for the certificate
A great introduction to SEO. The same link provided two times, the one where webmasters discuss Google's position to prioritize brands on the forum. Perhaps, this can be changed.
While the content was ok, the pacing was off. Far more content in the lecture of google algorithms than in any other week. It was a good start thought, I'm excited to keep going.
The course was a good basic start for SEO, but it would've been a better experience if there were a few exercises on implementing the good SEO practices mentioned in the course.
I have learned much important information about basic SEO. The instruction is very clear. The study material is full of important topics and guided toward a good SEO Platform.
Great course about Basic Search Engine Optimization. I learn lot of useful thing through this course. Thank you coursera.org for create such of best online education platform.
The first 2 segments are great guidance for anyone looking to get a job or start a career in SEO. As a wirter of digital content, the last 2 segments were of the most value.
it is great for starters ... but for me i wanted more of a technical-work related course i wish the second course in the specialization could include those technical skills
Was glad with the overall knowledge, but felt like there was too much time wasted at the beginning, talking about subjects that didn't contribute to my understanding of SEO
Very general course, but very helpful for beginners. It allowed me to understand the basic concepts and the questions throughout kept me engaged, and helped my learning.
The course is very good. I gave it only 4 stars because a large part was about selling me SEO , preparing me to a job interview etc. I thought that was not necessary.
A very nice introduction to the world of SEO, what it takes, the foundations I need and the way ahead. Perfect to get me started. Looking forward to the course ahead
I do love this Course and how it's prepared to put the beginner student on the first step and even how to go further on your own study after this finish this  course
It started slowly for someone who already put some effort into learning things about SEO.Starting from week 2, it was great and gave a good overview of the topic.
Great overview but the content is very outdated, referencing materials from 2012 and before which, given its 2020 is like another lifetime in the digital realm.
Great introduction, however some of the terminology wasn't clearly covered. Definitions had to be inferred, often times by getting answers wrong on the quizzes.
A great introductory course on SEO and its background. Though the course is more like a first chapter in a 50 chapter book, I highly recommend it to beginners.
This course is very good for those who want to build their career in SEO, I personally have learnt many new things about the whole process and how SEO works.
The course helped me to get a clear picture of SEO. I am a Data Analyst and a Blogger so this journey of SEO will help me nurture my knowledge. Thanks!
It was a great introduction into SEO.  It went over basics such as how SEO got started, how it currently works, and what the job itself would entail.
I really enjoyed the course and it did cover all the aspects which are necessary to understand before starting out work in real life related to SEO.
Basics of SEO .. Focused on the history and evolution.. It would be use full to add more recommended tools for effective content writing for example
More insight about SEO tactics and SEO history. The breakdown of topic into sessions were well-defined and easy-understanble for amateur like me !
Very Good Introductory Course for SEO. I learned history of Google Algorithm, Search engine evolution, giving preference to an user and more...
A little basic and boring to begin with but the last couple of weeks were quite interesting and had a good amount of useful theory. Recommended
That is one of the best course based on SEO .It describes all the search engine algorithm update which is rolled out by  Google and much more.
The course content was great. However I feel a more assessments should have been taken in order to increase the grip on the subjects taught.
Very good learned all the basics very quickly and effiently. Had an enjoyable time, just felt it was a bit outdated and not as personalized.
The course is good but it just covers the basic and theoretical part of the study. They should add more practicals knowledge to the course.
Great course for understanding the world of SEO.Activities and assessments provided enforce greater understanding of topics and concepts
All the content was very relevant. Career related and History of SEO could be shortened by 20-25% to maintain application focus on now
This course is a great foundational SEO course. It focuses more on the history of SEO, rather than the actual implementation of SEO.
This was a very interesting course covering the basics of SEO and also provided a lot of useful information through study materials.
Good overview of the basics and history of SEO, but would have liked a little more in-depth material or assistance in optimization.
My first coursera course, as part of the SEO specialization from UC Davis. The course was a good introduction to coursera learning.
Great information on the history of Search Engines as well as how the major Google algorithm changes affected over-optimized sites.
The course was very interesting, engaging. The instructors encouraged us to do research on our own which I think is a great thing.
This course offers good knowledge of the history and evolution of search engines, that allows you to understand nowadays solutions
I would like to thank all the instructor and those in charge of this wonderful course for the great benefit that I got through it
The topic and examples are good and clear to understand. However, I expect some more examples with mentioning specific software.
Overall very good it gives you the basics of SEO.  Good for starters of for people who look for being more aware of the subject!
have got better understanding about the algorithms but things arent practical so much! however course is designed for newbie's
The course is very good. But I did feel very bored in some moments. I hope it becomes more engaging and energetic. Thank you.
really insightful and it provides a great study materials and easy to understand for a complete novice. really recommend it.
A good course everything is cleared specially the way of defining word is  excellent but they should told more basics of SEO
Excellent intro course ! I would've liked more focus on hands-on exercises, but it provided a great overview and foundation.
A great course which is truly focused in teaching aspirants in conducting Search Engine Optimization (SEO) on great height.
Good overview of the SEO. Not diving into tatics, but into strategies. Very useful tips for beginners on how to find a job.
Solid course that gives a good understanding on the history of SEO, the job of and SEO, and best practices moving forward.
Very well structured course, it actually starts from the basics and helpful for those who have no prior experience in SEO.
Good and useful, there are some parts which are not as clear as others for a beginner (since the level required is entry)
This course offers really great content, and also delivers the same with ease and makes it easy to comprehend! Thanks :)
Great course and provides very useful information and some great facts for a person who is new to this concept of SEO.
My search for a "good understanding of SEO process" was over after this course..! Now I'm raring to get more.. thanks!
Great introductory course on SEO! Good foundation of the basics and feel confident about moving on to the next course!
Very basic introduction to SEO and Search Engines. If you have any experience working with SEO this course is simple.
Had a great time learning this new skill. I hope I can finish all the courses needed for me to start my own career.
This is very useful course.I learned lot of new things related to SEO.Thank you very much best regards Saqib Waheed
Some decent very general intro stuff, but I did not need to spend several hours learning about the history of SEO.
a good introduction to the concept of SEO, especially enjoyed how practical it was about potential career options
It was a good introductory course giving not only information on how to perform it but career options in future
I learnt a lot.I will apply this new knowledge to help my site https;//www.vertafrika.com gain more visibility.
It´s a good point os start, but it is focused on theory and history of SEO, it needs more practice information.
Good overview to get started. The part on SEO as a profession is far too long. Otherwise an exccellent course.
over all knowledge on SEO was awesome but i was expecting the practical knowledge also which was not covered
Well organized informative content. Some of the links were a bit "spammy." But otherwise, really enjoyed it.
Very useful but I thing that the videos are too small and will cut a more detailed or academic explanations.
Smoothly covers the introductions of SEO,giving insights on what is SEO and what we can achieve through it.
It is quite informational course and an great option for the beginners to start a career after this course
It was an informative course. Well designed. Well explained. Some assignments could have given a hands-on.
Some of the content could be revised. But, overall very good course! Can not wait to take the next one.
Focused more on the history and evolution of SEO which are not that important in the current scenario.
Lot's of worthwhile material for an intro course. Some of the reading content is dated but still good.
Good introduction course, but I hoped that there would be more assignments. Completed course in 3 days
Now I have a much clear understanding of how SEO works and can continue my SEO Specialization course.
Very informative and easy to follow! For someone new to the topic, the concepts were well explained.
The syllabus is very comprehensive, and every module is practical and applicable to real life cases.
It's more basic that what I though but is a good way to inspire you to start you own career in SEO.
nice introduction to concepts . The instructor is knowledgeable and only teaches what is relevant.
Good introduction to the world of SEO. I recommend this in case you are a just starting learning.
Very good theoretical knowledge but would request to provide with the practical hands-on as well
Good intro to the topic. I suggest reading the suggested books and blogs to fully appreciate it.
Very well laid out course material and instructor is awesome ! Thanks for putting this course.
Should have been more about SEO rather than History of SEO but good for informational purpose
Great introduction to SEO, and great overview of past practices and the evolution of Google.
I would have liked more videos and less reading material. It's easier to learn with videos.
Interesting as introductory course. It scratches only the surface but it is a start anyway
I audited this course to get relevant information for my career and it delivered. Thanks!
Great course.The first week should be optional. I do not want to be an SEO professional.
Enroll if you are interested  to know about the history and evolution of search engines
Some of the terminologies  just popped up without any explanations for what they mean
Great course for SEO beginners , well explained and easy to understand and practice.
Very useful and nice introductory course to bring faimiliarity witht the SEO world.
Really Good and fantastic Course,Which made me understand the fundamentals of SEO.
This course is very much introductory & for the people who have no idea about SEO.
That will be a good introductory course for Search engine optimization beginners.
Great insights on the industry. Good fundamental knowledge to have in my opinion.
Very good introduction to the SEO industry. It either gets you interested or not.
It is an excellent opportunity for individuals to learn SEO through such experts
It was a great experience and very good approach for learning and understanding.
Introductory course suitable for beginners. Good place to start your SEO career.
i want better explained white board videos. dont need to see the person talking
Interesting introduction with SEO's job functions and history of search engine.
Its a great start point with great emphasis on introductions to whats to come!
A lot of theoratical concepts. Could have been more engaging and interesting.
Great course! Just please add new information from the last couple of years.
It is a great course, I get useful information about the background of SEO.
A good course and helps in better understanding of SEO.Great for beginners.
more examples for certain definitions can be added fr better understanding
Consists of all the basics needed in SEO optimization. A very good course.
Good on easy understanding of concepts.Examples are easy to grab and learn
apart from occasional video quality the course is good and informative.
the content could have been more intriguing. it was majority irrelevant
Really To the point and easy to understand. Very good teaching faculty.
very less practical knowledge but theory wise it was absolutely great.
This is one & only course for someone wants to learn the basic of SEO.
its nice introduction to SEO. its give you an insight to SEO industry.
Mam Your are very knowledgeable and Helped me during the course a lot
A Very Very Nice experience and useful information,knowledge obtained
Nice introduction, with particular focus to Google algorithms history
Some basic things such as back links, keyword etc was not described.
A small good view of everything, could be more concise and practical
I would like to have more contact with the teacher to answer doubts.
i just start this course and  is very interesting i hope to get more
Easy for experienced SEOs with some years of working in this sector
but need to include the algorithms and analytics behind the things.
A good course having history, evolution, and career search in SEO.
good and very understandable concepts i learned from this course.
Decent introduction to SEO field. Low level, introductory course.
very nice beginner level course and gives you a lot of knowledge
A solid introduction, looking forward to continuing the course
Mostly just a history lesson, but certainly important to know.
A good course with a lot of information and valuable insight!
Good overview! Especially week 3 contains great information.
love the learning materials, lots of good info. to read:)
A little simple but a good way to kick off the SEO course
Good introduction. Thanks for the Background Information.
It is a good one but needs to more practice and training.
Could have been more practical. Otherwise great course !
This course is very useful to me.I learn many new thing.
Lovely Introduction to SEO. Clear, concise and effective
A really good course for having more knowledge about SEO
Very basic but is a good start to understand the topic.
Ideal for beginners and also for those who are in SEO.
Need examples o some excercies about optimisation site
Very helpful! Glad I found the class. Like the format.
it was a really nice venture.Love to do more courses
great basic understanding (mostly theoretical stuff)
Well organized with good content. Could be updated.
It was a bit confusing but great job by lecturers!
The presentations videos were easy to understand.
Good for basic knowledge and a good introduction.
Good one for beginners who looking career in SEO.
Good, thorough and informative description of SEO
Great course, lot of documentation and readings.
Good course about learning basic things of SEO.
Good content and overview of the SEO business.
Good Course to gain more knowledge about SEO.
Well Explained content But still much basic
Good to go for basic insights in the field!
Superb. Very concise and on point material!
Very helpful for a complete novice like me.
Thankyou for making the topic interesting.
Great introduction and easy to understand.
It gives you a brief introduction in SEO.
it was a really good course for basic seo
Great experience with  real time example.
Great introduction into the world of SEO.
I have learned alot from this cource....
Insightful, relevant and well disserted.
Hope to othe courses. Good introduction!
I wish there were more hands on analysis
Good Course on introducing basics of SEO
Very informative on the history of Seo.
Good insights to begin the SEO journey
Informative but a little bit outdated.
It was nice experience . I enjoyed it
the Course it's very simple and great
Excellent teaching. I learned so much
It was a wonderful experience by now
great theoretical but less practical
Great Content On the Basics of SEO
a great introductory video on  SEO
I liked it .. it really helped me
all the concept is very important
Great review of the basics of SEO
Learn another hand gesture PLEASE
It is a good course for newbies.
The SEO Course is not quite easy
Teaching methodology was awesome
Informative, but can get boring.
I am Very thankfu to coursera .
Good start to the world of SEO
Good course to begin with SEO.
Great Start to the SEO concept
An amazing introductory course
very nice and practical course
Great and Informative Course.
Great overview of the topic!
Insightful and fun to pursue
Quite good for the beginners
very informative, thanks!
Good introduction to SEO
A good start for SEO
Well worth the time.
Good started to SEO.
good and very useful
informative and fun
It was great class
thanks to coursera
its so easy
Thanks,
An extremely well thought out and structured course. Absolutely loved all the lessons, quiz and reading material. I am motivated to continue through the rest of the courses in this specialization.
A great fundamental breakdown of SEO strategies that you need to know in order to further understand the field. Very well designed course that is perfect for someone who is new to the field of SEO!
Great course, very informative!!  I can tell the classes are starting to be structured differently though.  Not too much meat to this first course...  reserving my opinion, until I go through a few more.
I am not an SEO professional, but I had learned some things in the late 2000s that had earned income.  I thought I knew some things.  A lot has changed since then!  This was a very helpful way for me to get caught up while having my perspective turned upside down.  The way this class is presented with video followed by reading assignments works really well for me.  I have learned some things I will put into practice immediately.
This is a nice introductory course that provides a novice (such as myself) with a general understanding of what SEO is and how it works. If you want to pursue SEO as a career or within your position, you'll probably need more advanced training, but this course will give you a good foundation of knowledge to start out with and build upon.
I highly recommend this course. I particularly liked the breakdown of the history of SEO and the changes in the algorithm. It gives you a lot of context on why things have changed. I think it helps to train you to look at SEO as a way of bettering the search landscape.
It's awesome. I had totally no idea on SEO. Now that I have completed this course, I have gained too much interest in this SEO field and now I can't wait to learn the deeper things of 'Search Engine Optimization' . So, I'm planning to take on the next course and see if I can hold my interest on  this topic. Thanks to all the course mentors ( Specially Ms. REBEKA ) to provide us with all the necessary things relevant to SEO.I hope the next course will be of more interest to me.Thanks a lot  to all who are working relentlessly behind these courses.
Great deal of learning in terms of concepts presented and wonderful experience to learn from top-notched industry experts. The best course to get a deeper insight of SEO profession and carer paths and the way the algorithms are explained and resources are combined is truly impressive an appreciable. Many many thanks with regards to Instructor Rebekah May and her colleague.
Before Joining this course, I hadn't have any knowledge about seo. But after completing this course, I get to know many areas and factors that affect searches and usability of the website. I have realized the importance of  keywords, algorithm updates, content, links, branding and more.Thank you so much for providing these information:)
This is an excellent course if you need a basic idea of what SEO is and how it is used. The course also gives an insight into google's search algorithm update and how algorithms have changed the way google search responds to queries and ranking of sites.
Excellent information. Rebekah did a fantastic job: She spoke clearly and naturally and was a pleasure to listen to. The deep dive into the origins of search really helped me understand why and how SEO works as it does today.
The way of explaining the terms is excellent and content is very good . I leant many new things from this course. Going to do all the courses of this specialization. Thanks for the wonderful content.
I found this intro course to be more intense and simultaneously more valuable than I expected it to be. I've already gained new insight and learned techniques I can put into practice now. Brilliant.
A great fundamental breakdown of SEO strategies that you need to know in order to further understand the field. Very well designed course that is perfect for someone who is new to the field of SEO!
I really liked how the course is able to insert someone that doesn't know anything about SEO into the right path, I been searching for a course like this a lot time ago and I'm happy to found it.
This course provides thorough and easy-to-understand explanations on the basics of SEO. I learned a lot in this course and will definitely keep studying the rest of SEO specialization!
Excellent materials. I have got a clear purpose of SEO and probably of my eventual career in it! Thanks very much, Rebecca
I have really learnt alot from this course and can now confidently talk about SEO as a beginner. Great course content
The subject matter is comprehensive, well structured, and easy to understand.
Very good course with good content... really enjoyed it.
I really am enjoying the course and learning a lot.
Like this course so much, fully enjoy it
The course essentially did what it said - it introduced the concepts of Search Engine Optimization and provided an overview and history of Search Engines, and all the major players/companies related to the early web, search engines, and SEO.Overall, the course was very well presented, excellent visuals and a great array of supplemental reading resources were provided by way of links to external sources that aid in rounding out information on a variety of sub-topics to SEO as presented in the course.I would highly recommend this course to those who are interested in obtaining an introduction and grounding with respect to the concept(s) of SEO, its history, and formation up through current day.
Given the time frame of 4 weeks, the course was well structured, detailed and clear. The goals were set early on to ensure students understand what the course is about. Explaining the job scene within the SEO environment allowed students to understand what they will be working towards should they choose to continue this specialization. Understanding the history and the development SEO had gone through over the years builds an idea of what can be expected in the future. As an introductory course, I believe that this is what many other universities can learn from in order to ensure students know what they have selected to learn.
This course is very beneficial, especially for beginners. I came into this course, knowing nothing about SEO or even coding for that matter, but I have learnt a great deal on how one of the major parts of my life, search engines, really works and what do the people behind those sites really thrive to make us, consumers, see their content. It helped me a lot in understanding how I should view content creation for my own blog. Thank you so much Rebekah May, for such an insightful course, which introduced me to interesting and intriguing world of search engines and SEO.
The course was very well-structured and designed. I did digital marketing course before and then decided to dive deep into the concepts of SEO. I gained all the insightful knowledge on SEO from this course. Learned careers in SEO, Evolution of SEO, ranking factors, Algorithm updates, strengthening keyword strategy and entity association. Thank you Rebekah May for explaining every concept so clearly and UC Davis for giving this opportunity. Great course, highly recommended for people who have zero knowledge on SEO!
Thanks for the best wishes by the way. At the beginning I failed the first week and left the course for a couple of days. I started again and scored so much also learnt so much that in the 4th week I used a little nit of tactics on my website. The latest blog is now ranking on 4th position among 173000000 results. I have developed so much interest in this course and realized that SEO community is the most strongest and supportive community I have seen till day. Once again thanks for the amazing content.
The entire course was very informative and elaborate. I am a complete beginner to SEO and the information provided in the course was very practical. Rebekah May was efficient in describing all the terminologies in a realistic manner. The guest speaker's session was amazing too, he gave information based on his hands-on experience in the fieldI, as a beginner learned a great deal from the course. I also want to admire the fact that the course was very well structured so everything I learned was retained
I learned a lot about SEO and how search engines work. I learned how search engines started and get developed and what it took to get them to how they are now. I also learned how important SEO is to search engines and users, and why it is very important for SEOs to use best practices in optimizing websites. Knowledge of what the updates are as well and how they impacted how search engines work as well as websites, helped me understand what a website needs to be, to search engines and users.
The course  is excellent in many ways. The course material,video is very simple and understandable to a layman also. one need not be an expert.The presentation was superb, leaving no doubt at the end of each week.The course material and video is self sufficient. I am very happy to have joined the course. I would like to complete the rest of the course satisfactorily. I would love to have soft copies of the material which can be downloaded for study at convenient. Thank you, madam
Outstanding introductory course for SEO! I have taken other intro to SEO courses, but this course provides the most relevant information on SEO best practices. I especially enjoyed how the course takes users through the history of how the internet was created, through the creation of search engines and their more recent updates. I now not only understand the most important ranking factors and SEO best practices, but also why those factors are important, and how they came to be.
Course objectives are clear and concise. Course instructor's voice is upbeat and she articulates well. Visuals are simple and focus on key concepts. Course contents follows a logical progressive flow from easy to more complex concepts. Small chunks of information makes it easy to follow. This is an excellent course and definitely worth while the investment. For me, It has sparked a keen interest in the field of SEO and it has build my confidence to proceed to the next level.
A good overview of what to look forward to. I went into this knowing only that it is an important part of the new age of marketing, but I can now see that it is much more than that. It reminds you of why search engines like Google and Yahoo even got started in the first place; a way to catalog, store and retrieve useful information, from any where in the world, in a matter of seconds. It has reignited my interest in the endless possibilities, of what the future may hold.
The course provided by UC Davis is just out of the world, I really wanna thank UC Davis to providing us this wonderful course for the student like me who have no technical background, I really liked the content they provide and a special thanks to our instructor Ms/Mrs. Rebekah mah who explains each and everything in a very easy way such that I didn't face any problem at all in understanding the technical terms, once again thank you from the bottom of my heart.
A course offering the possibility to start practicing from the third week has providede me with a deep sense of purpose and increased my overall expectations of the Specialization.Having professor Rebekah May is also a blessing. She has been in the industry for about 8 years (I don't remember the precise amount of time) and that provides the subjects with a deeper insight from her personal experience. A Specialization to complete, thank you Coursera.
This course will give you detail knowledge about how SEO started and how google uses algorithm to give rankings to sites according to their relevence and keyword.This course also give you knowledge about previous practices done by google and how they improved the search and their upgrades and how they penalize a site and how you can protect your site from being penalized.This course is really awesome,it will definitely enhance your knowledge on SEO.
It is a very comprehensive introductory course which makes clear the whole concept of 'Search Engine Optimization' from both a technical and industry angle. By touching on all the main areas of the SEO practice you actually come away with some useful understanding of how to do SEO even though it is still a simple introduction course. It answers all the main questions about and SEO and is definitely worth it to see if SEO is a good fit for you.
Week 1 is irrelevant for people who look SEO as an additional skill set rather than a profession. Content wise Week 2 and 3 are superb. Before doing this course I thought I know enough about SEO, but now I realize it was just the tip of the iceberg. Like other streams, SEO is also a science and this course has very well captured nitty-gritty of concept. Earlier I used to see the google result, now I analyze them. . Thanks again!Gaurav Singh
I signed up to audit the first 5 courses in this specialization. This review is for the first 3 of these courses taught by Rebekah May. I don't know that SEO is truly simple and logical or if it just appears this way because of how clear and easy to listen to Ms. May is. I do feel she has supplied a lot of very useful information, pointed to a lot of great tools and websites., and am already making improvements as a result of her classes.
Excellent material. Enthusiastic to go ahead and learn more. Very different from traditional courses, where it starts directly from application. Understanding the foundation and fundamentals of Search Engines and progressing thereon helped to establish a holistic start to this wide subject! My purpose was to write better content in a way that will be helpful to users looking for information and this has certainly helped me. Thank you.
Nice introduction and great overview of SEO.While criticized by some I think it is great to get some insights of what careers are available in this field. For myself, I am not looking for a career in this field, but getting to know how to present and approach things based on different circumstances provided me with great pointers of how to communicate my ideas effectively to other people. Thanks, looking forward to the other courses
It was a very comprehensive, step by step course to start SEO without any prior knowledge. Ms.May goes in a very nice pace and that helps you understand better. The fact that she enriched the instructive materials by adding related articles and videos is definately a plus to gaining a strong perspective on the history and backstory of how and why SEO was formed. I would reccomend to anyone who wants to start learning about SEO!
I found the course appealing, especially the set up of the combination of video lessons with correlating reading/video materials. Though I certainly have a lot to learn, I feel Rebekah May's lessons offered clear, focused objectives that helped me to "get my feet wet" in learning about SEO. If I had one request, I would love for the discussion forum to be more interactive, especially in the early stages of the course.
Fabulous introduction into SEO. Though it took a little while for me to get interested and invested in the content, I quickly became fascinated with SEO. I am grateful for the slew of resources provided, and made sure to follow many of the blogs that were linked to the course. The course completely shifted my opinion about SEO, and I left the course with a more positive outlook on SEO and on my future as a marketer.
This course is a good overview into SEO. I decided to audit the course in order to learn some on-the-fly SEO for my personal website and was so intrigued by the content and career opportunities that I enrolled in the certificate course. After earning my certificate, I plan to build up a portfolio and try to land a job in SEO, so thanks for helping me figure out what I never knew I always wanted to do!
The course was exceptional, I got to understand so much about SEO than what I thought before. I love the teaching structure and the questions and quiz they have in every chapter, This made focus and learn everything serious. I Hope I will continue taking these courses because I know this will be door opening for my future. I recommend to anyone who is looking for an SEO course. This is the best.
¡Excellent course! I learned a lot. More than I though. Actually I'm really surprised because I didn't suspect I could learn so much online. The videos are really helpful and the way Rebekah explains is very clear. I'm very happy about findind and completing this courseI was supposed to learn just the basics about SEO, but at the end I learnt a great deal about digital marketing, not only SEO
This course really opened a lot of new possibilities for me.  I now understand better how I can reach my target audience and share information that I know will help people using SEO.  I hope that this course will reach more people looking for a skill that is very indispensable in this ever growing online based generation.  Thank you very much for the opportunity of learning from experts.
Overall, a very good theoretical presentation of search engine optimization. By scratching the surface of the search engine optimizations, the course made a clear way for learners to unleash their potentials in the market by implementing the practices of seo with white hat methods which helps learners to avoid the blunders which can result in penalties and permanently site suspensions.
Course material was well sliced up to keep it relevant and interesting - nothing really dragged on.  I'd suggest re-considering how long reading material takes, sometimes something like 2 articles was listed as taking 2 hours, making the overall course time seem much longer than it truly was.  But the content shared was really interesting and helpful to a beginner SEO like me.
This course provided the list of updates made in the Google search engine algorithms since inception. It also covered various penalties that are applied by the search engine on spammy pages. The content met my expectation and its delivery was good. I would recommend this course to people who are new to SEO and want to learn what to do and what not to do with your website.
Very good! I learned a lot about the foundations, the history, and the industry that is search engine optimization. I learned so many terms and concepts that I am sure to use if I pursue a career in SEO and I have a far better understanding of what is required in this job. Thank you Davis/Coursera for providing this, I can't wait to continue down this specialization.
This is a superb course. I came in knowing absolutely nothing about the subject. I was just curious about what I could do to improve my own websites. Half way through I was astonished to realize I was actually understanding what was going on. Enjoyed the readings and the videos. Will continue on with the subsequent courses offered by UC Davis on this topic. Thanks.
The course provides relevant informations regarding SEO. The course run through the history till the current updates that has been made in google search algorithm. It also talks about penalisation and how to get rid of it and increase ranking in search. Contains wide range of contents that are required to become professional and establish a career in this field.
A very informative course that lays out the basics of SEO really well and forms a foundation that a learner can build upon. The instructors are great! Supplementary reading material and constant references to tools and softwares available online helps a learner understand what kind of tools SEO professionals use and how they too can use them to their advantage.
This course gives a fabulous introduction to the world of SEO and organic web design. It opened my eyes to how much control Google has over the internet and how important SEO is to branding and marketing of a website. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in how the Internet works; even better, is the insight into Google's algorithms and history.
The course was designed in a way to explain the very beginning of the SEO profession: how search engines developed, how the search mechanism works and what is the role of SEO specialists in improving search results. The course provided me with the basic understanding of the theme and filled with curiosity to explore the principles of site rankings further.
Even though the content of this course scratched the surface of SEO industry, it helped me to gain insight in this field. Being a content developer, it has opened some new dimensions for me to look at, and also boost my profile in the market. I am surely taking a few more courses under this specialization to develop on the foundation from this course.
I learned many things about internet, the web, search engines and lots of technical terminology. I think the course is very well structured starting with the basics and the history of internet to finishing with a lot of ideas and advices to succeed in this field and how to face the future and keep up to date in this field that is constantly changing.
This was a really helpful course, I felt I left with great foundational knowledge that will help me immediately.  One improvement: the course suggested that I would be able to perform an audit of my site based on the materials provided and I think I needed a bit more hand-holding to do that after completing the material. Still a very useful course.
the digital world is vast and growing. SEO is an important aspect in the development of the digital world. This class will provide knowledge about SEO, its history, and its future. Many important, interesting, and unique information will be learned in this class. I became interested in exploring the world of SEO and I highly recommend this class.
For an introductory course, this has started successfully with basic functions and historic backgrounds. For someone who is not interested in historical intri, you can skip it, but I liked it all along.  The course is, however, not pretty easy. You've to concentrate, take notes, and sometimes review your lessons to get passed through the tests.
Helpful and informative, but I don't feel I am ready to become a SEO. But I think this course is not designed for that, but to give basic and informational knowledge about being an SEO, for which it did amazing. The first week consisted of how to apply for professional SEO jobs and what to expect from those jobs, which was a great additional.
This very introduction to SEO has cleared out a lot of misconceptions i had regarding  how websites were ranked accordingly and im pretty sure i would go on to taking the next lesson for SEO and learn something out of the box .Thankyou Coursera  and the hard working staff members for giving me this great opportunity to enhance my skills .
This course is very clear, interesting and helpfull. It made me want to learn more about SEO. I understood the basics and had access to real life examples and other revelant materials. Even if you don't plan on working with SEO, this course is still interesting for anyone who is interested in how search engines work. Thank you so much!
This course has provided resources that aided in my general knowledge of the internet, SEO concepts and career paths, Google algorithms with corresponding best practices utilized in optimizing a site, as well as a spark in my interest to delve further in my education path towards be a Search Engine Optimizer. Keep up the great work!
Excellent starting point for SEO. Clear, concise, and relevant information. The graphics were really really good. My favorite part were the links provided for more info, they really made the course comprehensive. The field is changing fast, so some info might start to get outdated, but course is very helpful as a starting point.
I learned so much in this course that can help me with my personal branded website. I plan to get more versed in HTML so I can make my current sit more aesthetically pleasing, as well as deploying the SEO tactics I've learned in this course to better focus my pages and create better content and keywords. Thanks Rebecca!
Great course. One of the bests I've seen in Coursera in giving a deep content and trying to be clear. I would suggest a review of the texts givens. Sometimes the texts give some specific concept that wasn't discussed in previews classes. Having to search for it takes sometime. A Glossary for those would be very welcome.
This course was very easy to understand for a complete beginner to the field. Rebekah made the content interesting. She is a great teacher and presenter: her slides were concise and relevant, and her organization was spot-on. She did not talk too fast, and articulated her words clearly. Great course! Thank you so much!
This course was a great structure introduction to SEO! In it they explain careers in SEO, the current landscape of SEO, and some SEO basics. It really helped give a concise and clear overview of what initially appears to be a large and sprawling field. I just wanted to express my gratitude for the lessons. Thank you!
Great Course to start SEO. To learn about how search engine works, which SEO experts in industry to follow and many more useful information about algorithms which affects on ranking. Everyone who is interested to make career in digital marketing start learning from here. Thanks coursera for creating this course.
Very well built, gives the full picture of search engines over time and why they behave the way they do and what we can expect to come next. If you are in the web business you should do this course, even if you don't work SEO directly. Its an important eye opener and a valid strategic knowledge resource.
It really is necessary to do this course before you learn the actual SEO optimization. I found it very interesting and despite having knowledge of what SEO is, it gave me knowledge I would not have otherwise known which will increase my chances of being able to properly optimize a website in the future.
i Learn so much like what should i do to rank website good not only that but also what affects ranking of website and how can i improve ranking also what i must not do while making website i understand many things from history. Really appreciate Davis for great work. Going for next 4 remaining courses.
I learned about the basic principals of  how Search Engines works for determining the relevancy of search quires made by the searchers and how to provide them the results that are intended  by them. Also learned that what steps can be taken as an SEO to make your website filled with the great contents.
I've really enjoyed this course! I have learn a lot of things in the field of SEO that I didn't know at all. And for the first course of the specialization, I think it is already a lot. So, I guess that the whole will be very practical and proper to make me become a real SEO. Really eager to continue !
The area of SEO is vast and complicated and ever changing. This course make you understand that, without intimidating you. Instead it inspires you and make you feel intrigued by how some of the aspects of SEO touch upon what it is to be a human being in constant search for knowledge and great stories.
This course provides you with very thorough knowledge about SEO. also give you an outlook on career in SEO. provide interview tips and tricks. The history of the evolution of search engines was also very interesting. Overall this course is very important and helps you with your career development.
Search engine optimization is the process of growing the quality and quantity of website traffic by increasing the visibility of a website or a web page to users of a web search engine. SEO refers to the improvement of unpaid results and excludes direct traffic and the purchase of paid placement.
Due to age and physical impairments, I miss things that are said and necessary for me to pass a test the first time through.  I will use what I learn to benefit myself and others who may have medical issues that are worse than mine.  This course does seem to be "highly informative" and helpful.
Just amazing stuff. A couple stuff in the lectures are still over my head but I'll just have to keep finding a way to understand it.It's Amazing! the course really useful if you want to learn CEO join to this course with full confidence.your way makes everything possible!Thank you Rebeka mam.
I think this is the best and quick course for the Introduction to SEO. In this course, they have shared a lot of relevant content in the study material. They've suggested many videos shared by Google on Youtube. All these made me more curious to know about the topic more and more. Thank You!
Amazing and detailed course covering all the basic aspects of SEO right from the job opportunities to all the things that have effect on a site's ranking, penalties, the SEO practices that can harm a site as well as the practices that can help the site to be ranked better in search results.
Very well organized and easy to understand. I've really learned a lot from these. Thank you UC Davis for making this possible and thank you Coursera for being a channel to such great courses such as this. I think I have found for myself the right career. Thank you so much and more power!!!
I love this course, it gives me idea of how and where to start my career in the SEO field and give me direction and focus to learn more about SEO. I will learn again about SEO via online course and planning to start and do my portfolio after I am confident and know more about SEO. Thanks!
A well researched and thoroughly structured course, which makes it a great learning experience for anyone interested in SEO. As a digital marketer I had to get my hands on SEO and this served me greatly as I was on zero ground before the course. Looking forward to further specializations.
Worth all the effort. Meticulously scripted to guide you through the complexities of SEO, with gentle repetition and some tough assessments that required me to go back over parts of the module until I understood it. A good system of multiple-choice questions and peer review as assessment.
I'm impressed by this online course - neat, informative videos with an excellent main presenter, helpful and interesting links, many of which can be immediately applied to building or maintaining a website, and questions throughout the videos to ensure the listener is actually listening!
E-learning can be challenging, but after this session, it was clear that most users are already well on their way to becoming experts at creating a solid learning experience. Coursera.org gives them the course and confidence they need to start creating and sharing their knowledge.
This course made me realise how exciting SEO can be. I really like the fact that the course content is update with the latest technologies out there. I am also enjoying the SEO blog references and the reading material provided. Thank you for this enjoyable and fruitful experience!
Though it only covers the basics, it covers them thoroughly.  I used to think SEO was a cat-and-mouse game, accomplished through shady, spammy practices.  I now see it as an encouragement to provide the best possible user experience, which is inline with Google's goals as well.
Amazing course it walked us through the history and actual uses of search engines, very very complete. Amazing instructor really enjoyed her way of teaching.  i hope i can keep taking courses from UC DAVIS, taking into account my experience, it was amazing. THANK YOU SO MUCH!
This course was very insightful and intriguing. I have been writing content for quiet a while now but only recently started my professional freelance career (www.HireSankrit.com) as a content writer. I can't wait to get started with other courses within this specialization.
This was an excellent introdusctory course, aimed at explaining the possible roles that an SEO professional may adapt and also provided a very good overview of the  current SEO best practices.I would definately recommend it to everyone looking for a good start in the field.
Even though this is only an introductory course, it really helps in uderstanding the basic of SEO and how search engine works in a way that I never knew before. The course is also taught in way where beginners can understand, and I definitely learn a lot from this course.
Excellent starting point to understand the world of SEO. I am complementing this lessons by subscribing to the recommended websites, and listening to SEO related podcasts. Looking forward to the next modules in this specialization. Thanks to all the instructors and staff!
Excellent course. Clear and concise. The supplementary reading materials helped a great deal in elaborating some of the key concepts mentioned in the course. The information provided in the course are very interesting and definitely piqued my interest in the SEO industry.
Well structured overview of SEO that helps students to appreciate how SEO comes about. Details are sufficient and not suffocating for beginners. I like how the course started with the career path of SEO - sets the goal pathways for students right from the start. Awesome!
Good introduction. Mainly deals with the history of search engines and gives an overview of how SEO has evolved into a complex discipline. Important updates of Google's search algorithms are discussed. The reading materials were really interesting. Beginner level course.
The pace of the course was great, and the content really helpful and informative. The instructors were engaging and explained topics clearly, they also provided a wealth of additional resources. I highly recommend this course for anyone interested in digital marketing.
Excellent introduction to the SEO world! It mostly focuses on history, with a little bit of current practices, so if you are not planning on taking the whole specialization, make sure to check the syllabus and the free preview to see if this isn't too basic for you.
The course was quite informative and this course is enough for an individual to learn the basics of Search Engine Optimization. Loved the course and the study material that contained the links of the blogs gave me very good knowledge on how to search engine's works.
Very good intro to SEO.  I appreciate the addition of the history to lay the ground work and give appropriate context to the remainder of the sessions.  Furthermore, the links for added reading led me around the net for hours allowing me to learn even more.  Thanks!
I am thankful to authors and presenters of this course for the good composition, clear and bright explanations and illustrative pictures.I did not have any understanding of how search engines work, now I got it and can not wait to continue discovering it for myself
Fantastic introductory course.  I came into this with an understanding of marketing and a desire to learn about SEO.  I now feel that i have a grasp on the fundamentals and history of SEO that will prove relevant in a future marketing career.  Thanks for the class!
I consistently am amazed at how much I am learning.  The material is presented well and is challenging.  The assignments at this point are on real world scenarios - websites that are in existence and in need of SEO improvement.  That was incredibly challenging.
Excellent introductory course. Gives an excellent idea about SEO career opportunity, history and future of search and a great a introduction to organic search optimization. The discussion on Google Algorithms are also fantastic. I really enjoyed this course.
Great course that made me finally understand the importance of good SEO practices to improve organic growth for a website. Rebekah was very good and through her clear teaching style made me fully understand the basics and importance of SEO as a career path.
A very useful course. It covers all the basic areas involved in SEO. I believe I have laid a proper foundation towards my career in SEO and I hope to learn more in the next courses. I really enjoyed Rebekah May's explaining method. Thanks for the effort!
Great Introduction. The only thing that I would change is to put the career information in the last week's module, after you have learned basic stuff about SEO - otherwise you have to think about starting a career in something that you do not know yet.
At first these this course seems both simple and confusing…like you're getting discrete bits of information that are easy to understand but you're not sure how to put them together. But once it begins to build on itself things start making more sense.
I was really passionate about SEO and did several courses. But this was the best course which taught all the introductory parts like history and everything. It helped me a lot to understand everything better. Very informative and understandable.
Clear, concise excellent background info and a particularly useful review of Googles major algorithm changes that affected websites in a major way and may well have driven improvement in websites over all - although at a substantial human cost
I really like the content and the way it was presented. It was captivating and I was completely engaged. Also, I like how people at Google thinks and change the Algorithm. Thank you so much for your time and efforts for creating such content.
I think it's a very useful course to those who have any kind of business (since not being online it's impossible in our days). it gives you a complete understanding of how you should promote and construct your website to conquer your targets.
Great foundation for understanding the development of SEO and how search works. I also loved the extra reading and links provided that allowed me to go out and learn in tangents at my own speed. Can't wait for the next course in the sequence.
I am a writer and learning about SEO from such great people made my concepts clear and now, I have a better understanding of the topic. I really want to thank everyone who took part in this and made so many people learn soo much. Thank You.
Very informative of what SEO is & how it works and very helpful for people with absolutely no background in algorithm. The instructor is great and the information are properly presented. Would definitely recommend this course for beginners.
Remarkable. Very understandable, good explained with a lot of additional readings that are important, covered all the topics related to the history of search engines, programs etc. Can't wait to get to part 2 of this SEO course. Thank you!
The content is easy to understand and I learnt a lot. I am a total newbies in SEO, and thanks to this video, I manage to grasp various details to develop my SEO skills. Looking forward to enroll in the next course. Thank you very much!
Great course, but it's a shame that there is no "your question" section after every topic, so that we could ask if something is not clear completely. Apart from that, I really enjoyed it and will keep on studying from related courses.
I strongly recommend this course to anyone who is willing to learn SEO from the very basics, You don't have to be an expert to start with. Eager to join more courses here. Thanks to Coursera too for providing me with the opportunity.
The course provides a clear summary of what is SEO, the course talk about the story of SEO, provides useful exercises, and let us clear why SEO is important for the enterprises today. I will definitely take the whole specialization.
This course help me in many aspects whether search engine history,the algorithm update and how effectively i can do my seo. I thank all the teaching staffs for all the informative knowledge they have given and specially Rebekah May
I am a beginner in this field of study and I can walk away from this course able to understand it and even remember what we went over. The transcripts on the bottom of the video was very helpful for writing notes. Great experience.
Great amaount of history and detail about search engine operations and style and has left a deep marking in my understanding of the topics and their relevance. Never been so excited to read about Google in my life. Props UC Davis.
I've been lost because I couldn't find the proper content to follow in my researches about SEO. Even though we still scratch the surface of the SEO I have learned a lot. From what is a keyword to brand building. Thank you so much.
It was really an awesome experience with the specialization course provided, loaded with great resource of knowledge.I'm really over-whelmed with the material what i'm being provided here.Thank you Cousera ! Thank you UC DAVIS !!!
Am Blow away really , this widened my understanding on site ranking and search quarries .. i never really understood how the robots , spiders or crawlers worked until this course , God bless the facilitators of this great program
This course is full of knowledge, I got valuable skills from this course. These skills will help me in boosting my career. Both teachers have hands-on industry experience. Thank you, UC Davis and Coursera for bringing this to us.
Fantastic Introductory course, ideal for beginners. Very concise and easy to understand with each section brooken down into small chunks. Regular progression and knowledge check in order to ascertain understanding of the course.
Introduction to SEO course has been interactive and engaging. I really liked the way the instructor has explained all the concepts with relevant examples. The study material is useful. I highly recommend this course. Thank you!
So far I am very happy with how the course is structured and the material provided. I find it very suitable for a beginner with now experience in SEO. I am looking forward to the rest of the material from the remaining courses.
It's a good courser for newcomers to this field. If you are already familiar with how SEO works, this course can be used for the creation of system logic or view of SEO evolution. There is a lack of SEO tactics in the course.
Very informative. This definitely shed a lot of light on the basics and history of SEO as well as gave great insight into some of Google's tendencies and directions. Looking forward to learning more in the following courses!
It was a pleasure for me to watch all those lessons, and the external links were well-chosen, explored some great sites to keep searching for information, there is no doubt that I will continue to learn through this course.
The course was just amazing ! Not even for a minute felt bored or in pressure. The learning material and all the teachings were so useful and insightful. I became loving SEO. Thank you so much for this splendid experience.
Very nice course especially for those who are still to grasp the histiory and basics of SEO and how it came to be as it is now. Can provide quite an amount of insight for the future development of SEO trends and practices.
This is an outstanding course. I'm ecstatic to be enrolled in the SEO Specialization. The instructors communicate a complex topic as clearly as possible. And the course resources and discussions are relevant and practical.
It was very informational and compact. I enjoy the fact that I am given information on the screen while she goes into detail talking about the topic. She doesn't just read what already is on the screen. Off to do Session 2
Very good introduction to Search Engine Optimization. Not technical at all, this course gives a broad overview of the history of search engines and what criteria are relevant to optimize content. I recommend this course.
I really like this course to start the Search Engine Optimization. It's very helpful the understand the basic concept of SEO. In this course you can learn basic google algorithm are used in the SEO. Thanks to coursera .
It was my first time knowing about SEO, and I think it was of great help to me. It gradually takes off by first explaining the importance of SEO in corporate world and how it developed. The content was pretty detailed.
I really loved it. I have learned a lot about the new practices of SEO. I also loved the way you taught the whole course, it was really a great journey. looking forward to you for dig deeper into SEO field.Thanks,Royal
The course is very structured and provides lots of useful information about SEO, it's a lot better than I simply study Google's SEO guidebook. I highly recommend this course to anyone who'd like to know more about SEO.
Very good information on the intro to SEO. Learned a lot and this is only touching a very small piece of the ice berg on SEO. Very well developed course. Algorithms for each engines are changing all the time. Thanks!
Very informative and unique course!! Earlier, I didn't knew that, there is something called search engine optimization. But after coming to know about various algorithms, practices, I understood that it a huge topic!
This is one the most amazing courses I have taken up so far. It has burst few of my myths and provided clear understanding about SEO. With this fundamentals as a background I am confident about pursuing career in SEO
Lots of great information that I'm already putting to work.  I'm beginning to think critically about SEO and find solutions.  It's a great course and I would recommend it for anyone who wants to learn more about SEO.
I would have prepared if they actually gave more examples especially because I found it too technical. I am a marketer and I wanted to get a general understanding of what can i do to improve my undersatnding of SEO.
SEO introduction is very fruitful no prior skills required, must say this course lead me to focus more in the industry, recommend everyone who so ever interested in gaining knowledge of SEO and digital marketing :)
I jumped into this course with no prior knowledge of the SEO field and it gave me a great introduction into the history and the core workings of the field. It is a great way to get familiar with what SEO is about!
The study is very elaborate and thus helps in clearing the concepts as much as possible. I have learnt so much from the introductory course that I can't wait to check out the other courses in this specialization.
I didn't much about SEO before this course. After completing this course I feel i have gained quite an insight in the topic and has made me to dwell deeper into it. I am certainly enrolling for course 2 and more.
I absolutely recommend this course! For beginners, this course takes you through all the important milestones and purposes of SEO. Instructors were great as well, I really enjoyed taking this course as a refresh.
Great course! I learned so much and applied a lot of my knowledge to the website I am building for my tour guiding business. (carothetourguide.com in case you are interested). I am excited to continue learning!!
Really comprehensive and pointing to interesting details and aspects that I couldn't imagine SEO was about. I will suggest this course to everybody who is thinking on this Marketing/IT branch as a way of living.
I learnt much more about SEO. In this course, they taught everything related to SEO. They provided good study material which is helped me a lot in understanding the course more deeply. Thank you for entire team
I wish to thank Rebekah, Eric, Dave and their team for the best SEO course I had ever seen. I found it very clear, interesting and useful. Thank you very much, I am going to complete all the Specialization now!
A prompt but very informative course for everybody who deals not only with SEO, marketing, PR or social media but also wants to know what stands behind "ok, google". Practical approach from the very beginning.
Great course that give an overall very clear picture of what SEO is all about. Solid course material, crystal clear lectures and the lecturers are awesome. Good job! cant wait to learn their advanced courses.
It is a great course. When I begun I did not even know a little bit about SEO. But as the course progressed it made my basics very strong. I would recommend this course to everyone looking to learn about SEO.
Internet is flush with SEO information and it's really difficult to know where to start. This course is a great place to understand the core concepts and get a foot in the door for more advanced SEO courses..
Learned the best way to promote the website into the digital market with valid keywords, understand the concepts of SEO. Thanks for this course and I will continue to keep practising on those concepts  more
It was very helpful for me as i am planning to be a content writer and this course has helped me gain knowledge about how these websites work and how content on a site can help it to the top search results.
This was a good introductory course for what can be difficult technical material. For someone like myself who doesn't have much of a tech background, I found the instruction to be delivered at a solid pace.
This course is absolutely useful, thank you for the opportunity that you gave to me. I'm getting more curious about what should I do next in terms of using SEO, so maybe I would expand the insight of SEO.
THANK YOU UC DAVIS AND COURSE ERA FOR THE KNOWLEDGE AND CERTIFICATEI LEARN LOT FROM THESE ONLINE TUTORIAL AND ITS GIVE ME BETTER IDEA OF BASIC SEO AND HOW ITS WORK AND ALL OTHER THINGS, SO THANK YOU AGAIN
It gives all the necessary background as well as the current trends followed by the SEO practitioners. This introductory course will cover all the relevant aspects regarding the beginner stage of the SEO.
This is a great course to get introduced to SEO. If you already know about it, you might find some of the lessons elementary but you'll definitely get to learn, thanks to Prof. May's great teaching style.
Great course, very informative.I found this intro course to be more intense and simultaneously more valuable than I expected it to be. I've already gained new insight and learned techniques. Thanks a lot
I preferred reading while watching the lectures and highly suggest reviewing ALL of the web resources provided. It was a great course and I especially enjoyed learning about the history of the internet.
Very good course!I have taken several courses and specializations, ant this is really relevant, you have to pay attetion and make an effort to learn, the topics are interesting and useful to the topic.
This course helped me to gain the knowledge on SEO. With a clear and understandable content, I strongly recommend this course for anyone who seek basics on SEO for online businesses, data analysis etc.
Great course. It approaches SEO from a scientific point of view rather than on factors that are personal experience of the teacher. This approach enables you to develop your own ideas and experience.
It was a great introductory course. However, a little hands-on option would have been great. Thank you to the instructor and the whole team behind the course for your effort and excellent outcomes.
I was overwhelmed with the detailed introduction to the SEO field, market, job and history. I feel much more comfortable now and even discovered new resources for researching and learning. Awesome!
I have learnt well in this course and I am now  a SEO specialist. I am running a website and it ranked in the first page of google. That's amazing for me. Thanks UCDEVIS for their teaching system.
Great course outlining the framework of SEO. I enjoyed every week of the course and learned a great deal of useful information. Hoping to apply it soon enough. 9/10 Would recommend for beginners!
Very informative introductory course! Gives an individual basic idea of what SEO is, how it has developed over the years and the exciting direction it is heading towards. I definitely enjoyed it!
Great introduction to SEO - eager to test the most advanced courses to get more insight on how to apply technical changes that will improve the user experience and page search results rankings.
Awesome course that really takes the right amount of time to explain each topic pertaining to SEO. Love how they weave in the history of the internet, web design, content and branding with SEO.
As an SEO practitioner, this course articulated and validated many of the principles and strategies I have been using. Learning them gave me confidence that I am headed in the right direction.
Great introductory course to SEO. The content is brilliant and the lecturer is clear. It would be good if there would be a teaching stuff to assist the students in their threads in the forums.
I found this course to be really interesting and exquisitely presented. It was easy to understand, quick to complete, and provided just enough info to cover the basics. Very happy, thank you!
This is really great course it taught me a lot about how search engine works and helped me with improving my product performances on various platform. It really is a great course go for it!
Good course to get an overview of what SEO is all about. It will also help you get an insight on whether the area is of any interest to you or not. Must do for all aspiring SEOs. Good luck!
This is the best course on the topic of SEO, and I gain tons of knowledge, and I'm going for second course of this specialization. I found it very useful and I recommend it for everyone.
Rebekah made the information in this course relevant and easy to understand. She gave great examples. And she provided great resources that I can use even after the course is completed.
I really enjoyed the course , the quizzes were perfect to test the knowledge . Rebekah is a great instructor , her knowledge and natural ability to teach complex topics is the best part
Great to be part of this course.............................................................................................................................Thanks for helping me so much
great material for those who are not familiar with SEO. it give a very deep and to the point perceptive about this filed and things work in this filed. thank you for your great course.
Very insightful introduction to SEO, with a particular focus on how and why each Google algorithm came to be & the role it played in establishing key SEO practices that are used today.
Very good introductory Course. Although SEO is a practical subject, it is important the strong theory and practical fundaments that this Course teaches to the learners. Thanks Rebekah.
Got to learn some great techniques for reducing variance and optimizating gradient descent. The tensorflow assignment at the end, is just the right one to get started with tensorflow.
The perfect introduction to SEO for beginners. I understood the videos, the lectures were well structured. And the professor was easy to understand.  I thoroughly enjoyed this course.
This course is concise and provides a very good overview of the SEO industry. But I just wish there were more content. I finished all the four weeks' modules and tests within one day.
Prior to taking the course, I was intimidated by learning SEO. This introductory course has definitely provided me a safe space to learn SEO and further my knowledge of the industry.
Nice and informative sessions week wise,any one will able to understand without the knowledge of digital marketing or computer engineering.Must do for everyone for any professional.
I would like to thank you for providing me with this opportunity, as a student who has completed his studies at Educational Technology M.Sc., it was indeed one of the milestones.
I started this course without any formal training in SEO.  I found the videos to be clear, easy-to-follow, and very informative.  The recommended readings were especially useful.
It was a great course. This was the first SEO course I ever took and thought the instructors gave us students great information we will be able to use in the field :) THANK YOU!
A good foundational program about SEO. You'll likely need to continue learning about SEO to get a deeper understanding. Nonetheless, this program is a very good starting point.
The course was very well organized with useful content followed by effective communication by the lecturer, hence, it helped candidates like me to acquire sufficient knowledge.
It was very helpful course to  learn about SEO and how SEO works.Moreover,it also showed me a way and different perspective of SEO and its impact on searching tools.Thank You!!
Very good course. Covers everything from do's and don'ts to what people are looking for in SEO marketeers. Very dense material, so you might need to rewatch and pause at times.
One of the best courses available online. it is clear, crisp and to the point. the materials provided are great! a must do for a person who really wants to get into SEO field.
Excellent course with great content. The presentation of the content in the video as well as the delivery is very easy to understand. I enjoyed taking this course. Thank you!
Great course! I learned the basics of SEO and developed an understanding of keywords, algorithms, the importance of branding for ranking, and more. It was a great experience!
Very well designed! Gives holistic insights on the SEO space. Would have loved had there been slides of the lessons with key information. Would have been very handy to refer.
best introduction course i have ever taken in my life... well explained and supported with evidence and enough information to get you to like more this field... well done! :D
The materials are very easy to understand particularly for learners like me who did not have prior exposure to SEO terms. The reading materials are current and curated well.
The course was very enlightening for me. I truly enjoyed the course. Thank you to both UC Davis and Coursera for offering the course on the Coursera Online Learning Portal.
This course was broken down very well for an introduction. I left with a greater understanding of Google's best practices, algorithms, brandiing and why SEO is so important
I am really very happy for joing in this course.  I am fully satisfied with this course.  The course desing is very nice. and it is very easiy understanble for a freshers.
It was a comprehensive course for a beginner level and its content is well placed, though I believe that there should not be any quiz on the history portion of the SEO
Thank You so much ma'am for your time and resources.I must say that your teaching surely let me encourage deep down to explore SEO insights and advance specialization.
As a beginner in SEO, the course really helped me to understand what SEO really means. The course has really got me excited to building a career in SEO. Thanks a lot.
Good intro to SEO.  I felt like there was a lot, if not too much, time spent on the history of SEO and search engines, but otherwise, it was a well-structured course.
This was  very informative and productive course.It helped me to enhance my skills in this field.I hope that this course will be a great step to start for beginners.
Hi! First of all, I would like to thank UCDavis and Coursera for giving me financial assistance. This course is good enough to have an introductory knowledge of SEO.
It is a helpful course with not only educational material, but with a lot of practice tasks. I would reccomend it to everyone who wants to works as a SEO specialist.
It is amazing all the things an SEO has to consider to position a web page in a high ranking. I learned interesting facts and techniques with practical applications.
It is the basic understanding course. It is very helpfull for the people who do not know any concept of SEO optimization. Thank you very much for this great course!
This was a great overview that got me really excited to dive deeper into all the topics we covered and learn more! I can't wait for course # 2 in this certificate!
Thank you very much, I am very helpful to understand about SEO and what things should be considered in general. This course explains very clearly and efficiently.
Amazingly informatic course with a really nice presentation that helps you even to memorize the history of Search Engines! A must do course for beginners in SEO.
This has so far been very informative. It was easy to understand and packed with useful resources. I'm excited to move on to the next part of the specialization.
A great Introduction to SEO for any new comer, the course very well explains everything one needs for having a brief knowledge of past present and future of SEO.
It was great to learn about SEO as I was quite curious about it. The course is well-organized and the content is valuable to the beginners in the field like me.
I come with zero knowledge in SEO. But since the introduction lesson is good, even I getting to understand about SEO quickly. Thumbs up for the course director.
Loved the information, the links and reading material really helped in understanding SEO.  Plus the course load wasn't too much or too little.  Thanks a bunch!
Information is very clear, and the time we need to spend to keep up in the course is perfect for someone who is working and only have few time left in the day.
This course has provided me with huge opportunities to kick-start my career in SEO and also taught the best possible practices that webmasters must abide for.
Difficult and a lot to take in. Still unsure where to start or where to being with a career in SEO. I guess ill take some more courses until it becomes clear.
This course helped to gain a better understanding of how search engines work and how we can optimize our content for the users as well as the search engines.
A great course for someone who has no idea about what is SEO and how it works. The course just covers the basics but it can serve as a good foundation stone!
Great information in the simplest way. This is an art to master this skill & I must say that our instructor is adept at it. Thanks for this wonderful course.
Great content and flow of the class. It provided a lot of useful information in a way that wasn't overwhelming or intimidating. Professor was great as well!
Excellent Course.. I had zero knowledge on SEO before taking this course. Now I have a very good understanding. Willing to continue on this specialization.
Learning about a complex and not easy to teach topic was made easy through UC Davis. I am looking forward to pursuing more classes part of SEO course path.
Great course to take, enjoyed the lectures and the reading. It was quite an interesting class that I know will be beneficial for me in my future endeavors.
I really want to say thank you, that you give anybody the chance to learn more about search engine optimization. Looking forward to see at the next course!
Very good course for an absolute beginner- you get to learn the history, most importantly the best SEO practices and what working in the industry is like.
It was an extremely useful an beneficial course. I enjoyed it very much. I am very sure that the knowledge gained will help me in near future.  Thank you.
I loved this course. this course is really helpful and highly suggested to you for pursuing. I m thankful to Coursera for providing this wonderful course.
Very didactic. SEO was seeming very technical for me, and a little bit complicated. But the teaching staff was able to make the matter easy to understand.
easy to understand , up to date course materialslinks to useful content , and even career advice to become better at seo makes this course one of its kind
Great explanation of SEO. I've learnt a lot about the history of SEO and how different algorithms and corresponding updates made Google what it is today.
This was a nice way to get introduced to SEO! The pace was great and now I feel confident to move on in the SEO classes having covered all of the basics.
Hello friends,I am Yasir.I start study on coursera and complete my course am very happy its very interesting and easy course so join this course friends.
The course was very informative and clear about the basics of Search Engine Optimization and a very good jumping start for me as I am new to this field.
I have Learned many new things about SEO. the reading content is very interesting.This is a very good course to explore and start your way in SEO.Thanks
It's been a very helpful course providing all the introductory knowledge on SEO. Perfect for anyone with interest in Search Engine and Online Marketing.
Very Good course to start with for learning SEO. This course is basically an introductory course which focusses on the evaluation, need, power of SEO.
Well done! Love this! Check my website www.akwa.be;-)Course is well build and logically organized. A very good introduction to SEO.Christiaan Janssens
Great content, you also shared quality external content in the course. It'd be awesome if you had provided a little deck at the end with keytakeaways.
I found this introductory course well structured, easy to follow, and very informative. Perfect for  beginners who wish to take a first step into SEO.
Very insightful Well taught Easy to understand though not so easy stuff Looking forward to learning more Believe it's moved in a much better direction
The presentation of this course is top-notched.I hope the content of this course can be longer.I hope the quizzes can be more rigorous and challenging
Really interesting! I never thought I would learn about the history of search engines yet here I am! So fascinating, I had no clue about all this :)
Great starting course on the basics of search engine algorithms, SEO best practices, and SEO practices that can get your site penalized with Google.
Excellent introduction to the world of SEO and how you can potentially become an SEO specialist and help websites improve their ranking and traffic.
Excellent introduction to SEO. I highly recommend this course to anyone interested in gaining a more-or-less complete picture of best SEO practices.
It's a fabulous course, fully packed with immense knowledge for anyone who wants to understand a brief overview of how exactly search engine works.
Although the course only touches on the basic concepts involved in SEO, it is a great introduction to anyone looking to learn more about the topic.
This Course really gave a basic understanding and mindset that an SEO has to build up while working on optimizing the websites and search results.
It's great to take a college level course on SEO.  We covered a lot of material during this Introduction course.  Look forward to the next course.
I think this course very effective. Especially reading documents really helped me to understand what is going on in SEO world. Thank you so much!
An effective course that highlights Google evolution.Understanding how it has evolved make easier for a SEO specialist forecasting its behaviour.
The structure of the course content is really good. It is always good to know the inception of SEO first and then how things changes after that.
Very easy and brief lectures. The best part of this course are the extra reading materials as they are very helpful and give in depth knowledge.
for long time working as seo specialist, this course summarized almost all basic knowledge that took me more than a year to realize & experience
I loved the way this SEO specialization is introduced. The instructor helps first to understand what is SEO, its evolution, and good practices.
Very helpful and concise course. Highly relevant study material. Great content for to build foundation for advanced courses. Thank you UCDavis!
Great course for beginners. If you have some experience in SEO and content marketing, you can pass it quickly, but still get valuable insights.
Really great course! I was impressed with the  experience of instructors, quality of the content, and effectiveness of the testing. Thank you!
This was my first course on coursera.com . I learnt a lot from this course. The depth of this course makes me amazed as well as the standards.
Rebekah May was excellent. She provided a clear and thorough presentation on each module and course. I now have a better understanding of SEO.
Very complete introduction the the world of SEO. I will definitely continue my education to build a deeper understanding of the SEO landscape
Really liked this course, simple, clear and very informative. I liked the articles given us to read on the side and the instructor was great.
Rebekah is a great instructor and I really learned a lot from this course. I have tried other online SEO courses and so far this is the best.
Excellent course materials. The course contents have been methodically planned and structured leading to a solid foundation for SEO learning.
Satisfactory for an Introductory lesson. Not too detail, not too burdensome quizzes and discussion prompts. I am ready to go the next level!
I Love this course, it helps me more understand about internet and SEO one it. Google is such a thing we must discover it all time. Sure! :D
This is very good course for those who want to understand the basics of SEO. Thank you for providing such useful and up to date information!
Great content, useful materials & accurate / relevant to today examples. I am satisfied and happy for completing this course. 5 more to go!
A solid foundation in SEO with many external links to explore. These are professional websites that also SEO pros use to keep them updated.
It´s a great course for a beginner like me. The lessons are easy to understand, relevant and interesting. Well-explained and comprehensive.
It was fun learning about careers in the evolution of SEO.The course was quite informative, Overall I enjoyed learning from the instructor.
I really liked how while watching the videos that there was an interactive transcript that would allow me to go back to any parts I missed.
Even SEO becomes easy when Ms. May explains it.Thank you!This course is really useful and easy to learn. If I could I would give  15 stars.
The course was really awesome. Our instructor are having great knowledge and they shared everything important and required with materials.
it is a good course course for beginners. it allow to understand basic algorithms, keyword strategy and how to find a job in seo industry.
Great course.Please provide the content of videos as a ppt like other courses do. this help us to quickly revise the course and about SeO.
The introduction course was very easy. I've already started the Second course (SEO Fundamentals) and I'm learning a lot. Thanks Rebekah :)
This entire specialisation is the best I've taken in Coursera. Very well organised with practical and highly useful knowledge. Thank you!
Excellent Course. made my basics and know-about of SEO really really strong. I never knew SEO very well until I did not take this course.
It was a great experience to be a part of this course. I liked the pedagogy and would love to continue and complete this specialization.
This course really helped me to understand how algorithm works and it actually also solved my problem relating to SEO thank you UC DAVIS
The course was great. It is built very well, easy to understand and gives you a lot of information and very useful additional materials.
It was really very helpful for me to understand how google works to identify the sites, and how it's algorithm works. Thank you so much.
One of the most usefull courses found on Search Engine Optimization. Well developed and detailed. It covers the topics very effectively.
it helps you to understand the basic of the SEO in simple language and understand the SEO terminology and grasp the fundamentals easily
Its just an awesome course helped me to learned a lot about seo and its advantages.Looking forward to enroll other courses in coursera.
It is a excelent course because the professors teach in a simple way that captivates the student. It is a very well thought out course.
Clear, informative primer for anyone interested in SEO, whether you're a startup blogger or professional within a legacy organization.
Outstanding delivery - very engaging - amazing how much I learned in such a short time all while sitting at my desk during lunch hours
In Depth Knowledge and Very Clearly Elucidated with the right mix of videos and reference material for learning. Enjoyed this course.
One of the best courses to learn the basics of SEO in the simplest way by covering all the required fields without wasting your time.
It was tough getting through some of the historical background of SEO, but overall the main content and supporting material was solid
I am honestly impressed on how your can mixed SEO with Branding. It is an amazing way to approached marketing from a new perspective.
This Introductory course was really helpful in understanding what SEO is and how it works efficiently in the current Marketing world.
The teacher provides a thorough explanation of the SE landscape. If you are just getting started in SEO, you should take this course.
It was an easy course. But it did help me learn more about the terminology.  Being self taught,  this was indeed a weakness of mine.
I enjoyed the course and gather much more information related to history and current terms of SEO. Indeed it is good course overall.
Course was really very
interesting and gives me a basic information about seo and it's history! Thank you very much for this course!
Learnt a lot my new things. A lot of my doubts were cleared after going through the course material. The course is well structured.
Will give you a historical view about SEO and current update, it is a good start if you need to take more depth steps in SEO field.
Very informative. A difference with other course is that it actually focused on explainning the why behind the SEO best prectices.
amazing course its clear my all SEO basic thing which i don't know although i am expert in onpage SEO or SEO but its help me alote
Great introduction to this wonderful topic! It fueled my curiosity to go further into studying and learning more about it! Thanks!
Thank you for the SEO career tips! It broadened my perspective and gave me a clear idea of what I want to become when I grow up :)
First I didn't like it but throughout the course it became more and more engaging and gave more relevant and practical information
Excellent course for starters. It pretty much covered everything a beginner needs to know to pursue a career in the field of SEO.
I got to learn a lot of things from this course. The course is well structured and has great content. Completely worth your time.
As a beginner in the world of SEO I thoroughly enjoyed learning about it. I will continue on with the rest of the specialization.
This is my first course in Coursera and I am very happy I have learned a lot of new things that I will use in my new profession.
It's a great course. I've already gained some in depth knowledge on SEO from this one. Waiting Eagerly for the upcoming courses.
This course has provided solid fundamental basics that are required for SEO aspirants. Topics and questions are well organized.
The course was well explained. The video with questions asked sometime were useful to ensure that you were following the topic.
The best way to kick-start your SEO career is through this course. Thanks to Rebekah May for teaching this one so effortlessly!
Great course! Learnt many things new.Great introduction to a new world (SEO) which was undiscovered by me. Overall enjoyed it.
I really enjoyed this course. It was really easy to understand and follow. I am looking foward to continue learning about SEO.
Highly informative for those like me - offline marketers who are willing to gain a better understanding of digital techniques.
Great course. I've learnt a lot about seo, how seo works and what we should do to rank our websites. Instructors were amazing
Great introductory course into the world of SEO.I particularly loved going thru the history of SEO and the Google algorithms!
This is the first part of the course, and it already gives an insight into the SEO! I can't wait to continue the next course.
Course was extremely easy to follow and instructor clearly described all associated material in an easy to learn way. Thanks!
very useful course Very nice teaching style of Rebekah May.I want to say thank you very much for your help to mam Rebekah May
An eye opener to the digital world of search and how Google is constantly updated changing how we get information.. Exciting!
This was a great overview. I look forward to the next classes to learn more of the specific strategies  for implementation.
I recommend this specialization to all aspiring persons that want to advance their career in marketing, branding and sales.
Great, up-to-date overview of SEO. Not super easy but not too challenging for beginners.  Thanks for making this available!
Excellent overview of the Basics of SEO. A great starting point providing a lot of additional links which we can refer to.
I already knew the most of material of this course, but for those that are beginning this is a great course that is worth.
Very good and helpful course. I am very much satisfied with the course and also the way instructors explain is very good.
Great to learn about the basic SEO knowledge to get me started with the next course for SEO strategies and implementation
The course was superb and well organised. As a fresher to this theme I never felt any difficulties in grasping new info.
This is a great introduction especially for someone who has no idea about SEO. I have found this lesson really relevant.
It was an easy and understandable course. Now I'm glad opted for this as SEO is very relevant in the Branding industry.
This was really an amazing course with an excellent teacher. Thank you for the opportunity to be a part of this course.
This is first time learn about SEO i got a lot of knowledge from the instructor . and i really thank full to coursera .
Great overview or the major algorithm changes, leads to understand how SEO evolved and makes the topic much more clear.
Very good course and additional resources. I think it's the first course on Coursera I really can advise to my friends.
The instructor has a very soothing voice. She speaks clearly thus, I was able to understand all the lessons very well.
I actually learned a lot from this course. It's extremely organize and gave a ton of study materials I can go back to.
This course provided a great overview of SEO. I look forward to learning more nuts and bolts of SEO in the next class.
This course is tailed very well. Nice professors and great teaching method make it easier for students to understand.
Good, comprehensive lectures with to the point exams. I suggest it to people wishing to have a first contact to SEO.
A very good and easy to learn course. A prefect introduction for a new guy who wants to make a career in this niche.
Super insightful course. Not the usual trivial information you can lookup when searching about SEO. Very intuitive!
Very information   I got a lot of good insights and information from the lessons.  Hope to find more of her courses
I am happy to get this course .  This is practical and useful for me. I think this course is best for the began-er.
Great Course and teacher :D ! SEO has always been a mystery for me until I enrolled this course and specialization.
it's great experiance for me to learn about seo and now i am ready to try my knowledge.thanks to coursera and team
Amazing course. Very excited. Recommend it for those who just started to explore the beauty and complexity of SEO.
Fundamental understanding of algorithms.Good SEO practices.How algorithms affect ranking.Google ranking criteria.
The approach of explaining with good blogs and articles have cleared the concepts and made learning a easy path!
A great introduction with appealing, understandable and clear content. Also contain great extra study materials.
This course really starts from scratching surface like history of search engines to alogarithm shifts and so on
I liked this course, especially helping me learn Google's various algorithm changes and what they mean to SEOs.
Very good introduction and overview about what a SEO is. I'm going to do all the 5 remaining courses. Thank you
Thank you for this excellent course i learned a lot than i ever learned in my life. Best wishes to the teacher
I learnt about the different Google algorithm which makes me understand more about improving website's ranking
it was very good overview and I liked its format: nice combination of lecture and additional reading material.
It was really informative and interesting. Gave me the confidence of having technical knowledge as a marketer.
I am working as a blogger more than 10 years. And they give me tuff time So i will Give 100% for there effort.
For an introduction course I learned a lot! I wasn't expecting so much information in one introductory course.
awesome course. It provides with the basic knowledge on SEO and build a strong interest in you for the course.
It gave me a complete picture to understand the fundamentals of SEO and what are the elements that builds it.
Thanks! I love this course very much. I always wanted to know more about SEO, this course has guided me well!
Very informative! The classes made it possible to balance two jobs and this course! Great intro to the topic!
Very helpful introductory course. I feel like I have a good grasp on how to apply SEO practices to a website.
Great content and reading materials. Well worth doing if you want to gain an understanding of how SEO works.
This course is a fantastic first step in an SEO career. I strongly recommend it for those interested in SEO.
The video lessons are great, straight to the point and very clear. Love all the reading material you assign.
I loved this course. The instructors are simply awesome. The content is valuable for whole of my SEO Career.
great basics to understand the history of it all, and the path that lead to the basis for todays algorithims
Great introductory course for beginners in the subject that explain the fundamentals of SEO and its history
It was such an interesting and easy to follow class! I definitely learned alot! So excited to practice SEO.
Great introduction to the world of SEO. Clear, entertaining a full of useful information  and tips. Thanks!
Great content for someone who has no idea what SEO is and who is willing to dig deep after some basic info.
very useful and attractive course..simple and easy by very good presentation ,course material and contents
Good course. It gave me a lot of good ideas as to how I can improve my website and help others to as well.
I just discovered a wonderful opportunity to learn anout SEO and to engage in a new and passionate career.
Awesome course, structured very well and i believe it is an awesome platform to get into digital marketing
It was great! Thank you, got to learn so much in such a short time and it was very good and easy to grasp
Thank You Rebekah May for this Amazing Course.I Learned a lot not only theortical but did practical also.
Its a very amazing course really, It helped me so much to understand many concepts and tactics about seo.
It was a great learning experience. The course both provided knowledge and interest for further learning.
the introduction to SEO was thorough and very helpful. looking forward to next parts of the entire course
still learning with this course but I would like to rate it now because i loved to learn from that course
It's a great course for the people who are new to the concept of SEO and are very keen to learn about it.
Wonderful introduction into SEO. Informative without being to Jargon or content heavy to get overwhelmed.
Totally worth it!!!!!! I have gained so much knowledge through these amazing classes, highly recommended!
Nice, very well explained and thorough introductory course. I will certainly continue the specialization.
This course was excellent! I learned a lot and it gave me further incentive to go for the specialization.
This experience is helpful in improving my skills and learn new concepts. I highly recommend this course
The course provided a great overview of SEO and the main concepts as well as the evolution of the field.
Brief, but informative. Truly helped me better understand the concept of SEO, and especially algorithms.
Its excellent. Topic & contents [Including suggested contents ] were too Good]I learnt a lot. Thank you!
Excellent course that helped me to write my own content for a website that will improve search results.
Excellent introduction course. I am now continuing on to the second, for my specialization certificate.
Perfect course, exactly what i need to improve my search engine optimization skills. Thank you UC Davis
This class was great to understand the basics - what is SEO, why SEO is needed, SEO terms and creators.
Perfectly coordinated and very interesting. I definitely will take other courses in the specialisation.
It helps you understand how SEO works and how relevant it may be for your company. Great for beginers!
I enjoyed this course! I think one helpful addition would be including more examples of real websites.
Very Helpful Course. Got to know abut all the basics. Looking forward to learn and apply in real world
It gave me great knowledge about SEO. Now I feel more confident in completing the rest of the course.
A clear introduction of what SEO is all about that gave me the will to pursue the rest of the courses
This course helped me in a much amazing way possible to learn about the topic i wasn't familiar with.
Quite an interesting introduction course with good references to what and where to read and look for.
Great overall introduction! I now can confidently talk about the fundamentals related to this topic.
Very interesting and easy-to-follow course. I'm looking forward to completing the SEO certification!
Its a good course if you want to gain knowledge about SEO. Here you can learn from basic to advance.
One can understand concepts and fundamentals of SEO very easily, Very well taught by the instructor.
Awesome course. Helped me a lot to understand the SEO field and I love to do specialization in SEO.
Excellent value in this course! Very easy to understand and it is loaded with important takeaways.
It was a more complete overview and history than I anticipated. I learned more than I expected to.
A must have course for all individuals and companies who want to start or boost their SEO presence
Good basic information and resources for basic SEO.  Videos are clear and great back up resources.
This course has provided me a deep understanding of SEO optimization and choosing a career in SEO.
Very easy to follow and informative class with clear explanations. A perfect way to ease into SEO!
Instructor is great. Course is very informative. Looking forward to taking more classes with her.
This course is thorough and engaging.  I'm already putting what I have learned to use in my work.
A great deal of information and knowledge on this course. Very knowledgeable teachers and guests!
So much useful information. In this one course I have a working knowledge of basic SEO practices.
Very interesting and inspiring course. Real-life examples helped a lot for better understanding.
Was an informative and interesting course. No pre-requisites were there, hence was very helpful.
very easy to understand, beautiful graphics kept me interested the whole type. fun experience :)
Makes for a very solid foundation. It may be about the basics but it packs a lot of perspective.
Great course. Was so excited just when through it and completed while I had the time and focus!!
Very well done.  The instructor(s) were clear and informative.  I enjoyed the reading material.
Highly recommended!!!! I learned a lot of things from this course!!! Thanks Rebekah May mam!!!!
Lots of great information - much more than an introduction.  Very well organized and presented.
Nice information learnt from scratch to everything past to present love to learn more from you
A perfect introduction of the trending topic, history present and future of SEO well explained
Fantastic course! I highly recommend it to anyone serious about getting on track to learn SEO.
The material was clearly explained, interesting and I learned how complex a field this can be.
Such a wonderful course. I learned a lot of value content about SEO career.I truly recommend.
A great start to SEO a very detailed introduction about website and search engines evolution.
Great course ,short and crisp but to the point,thank you very much for sharing the knowledge
It was great learning although the content was beginners level, it cleared basics about SEO.
It was a great and very informative course. It definitely help me to achieve my goals in SEO
Great for a beginner. Cleared a lot of things up and provided confidence for the next round.
Very informative! The instructor is really effective. The additional materials are helpful.
Its very pleasure to receive a certificate from the University of California. Thanks a lot.
Excellent content and tips, I am quite satisfied with the knowledge I got from this course.
Excellent course to have a head start. Instructor is great and the course is well designed.
It is very good and very well explained by the faculty. Thank you everyone for the course.
it's a very helpful course especially for those who want to learn about digital marketing.
Totally interested to explore even more of this specialisation after this awesome content.
I really happy to do this course and contain is very usefull for me.. Thank your coursera.
nicely explained on how SEO has developed over the years and tactics used in SEO marketing
The  content of the course if beautifully crafted and executed. Very well done. Thank you.
I love this course. It gives me an an overview about SEO and basic updates on trends, ect.
Thanks for such a wonderful insights on SEO and a lot of related test material. Thank you.
Please-please-please, put the next ones online ASAP! :)Really love this specialization! :)
Thanks a lot. It provided us very good information that will use in my practical aspects.
Excellent course with indepth knowledge and resources. It gives you a great start at SEO.
I found this course amazing and I very much excited to do more courses with this platform
Great intro on the mechanics of SEO, best practices and the history of Google algorithms.
Very worth the time and effort, you start learning important skills right from the start!
Gained a lot of knowledge about the tip of SEO and would love to dive deep in this ocean
Thank You, Mam. This is great source to initiate learning SEO, even if you are beginner.
It was one of the best courses I've ever had, and I would definitely review another post
Really good as a suggestion you should decrease the size of the subtitles a little more.
Great introduction to the field of SEO. Cannot wait to start the next course. Thank you!
wow thank you so much for your valuable time .I am really blessed to attend this course.
It is a very useful SEO introduction that allows you to start working and to learn more.
Excellent Materials & Resources. My whole perspective on SEO has changed for the better.
The course was well presented and conveyed. I did learn quite a bit from it. Thank you!
Very insightful on how to create your site to meet to SEO requirements and get noticed.
I lover the course. It was very well documented, filled with a ton of useful infomation
Fantastic introduction to SEO and digital marketing in general! Best regards, sebastian
A great introduction to SEO and a good review on the history and development of search.
Is good to know history of SEO and understand algorithms and their evolution. Thanks!!
So interesting and the instructor is very easy to understand and explains things well.
This course was very useful for me as I got lots of helpful hits in ways of SEO works.
If you are a beginner and want to learn SEO, this is the place to start. Great course!
Easy understanding, clear explaining how SEO works, reall well designed for beginners
Really interesting to learn, thanks all the instructors who bought this course to me.
The most relevant knowledge comes from the origin of things. For me excellent course.
Great Course & Great Teacher !!! All well explained and very well detailed. Thank you
Very well explained, at least from Google search engine sight and practical exercise.
Great experience! Amazing teachers! Will definitely go on and delve deeper into SEO!
This course was well structured and user friendly. It's a great introduction to SEO!
I love it and feel confident that I can create a website optimized for SEO organics!
A great overview of SEO and its origins - a solid foundation for the specialization.
Amazing learning experience with Rebekah May and the UC Davis Online Education Team.
It was a pleasure to be a participant of Introduction to Search Engine Optimization.
I got a basic overview of how and what is SEO, and what are the industry standards.
great course for those who wants to know about digital marketing and how seo works.
it is more objective oriented, giving proper education rather than just mugging up.
The course is thorough with the knowledge in the introduction of SEO. Recommended.
For beginners this a best course it shows how search engine evolves over the time.
It has been very helpful throughout and has polished my previous knowledge of SEO.
Lots of great information. Knowing the history behind SEO was a major plus for me.
Very good starting point, to give you a feel of what SEO is and build the context.
course were up to the point and I learn the basic of SEO. Happy with my learning.
the course is in-depth with several readings learned lots of things very helpful!
It has very insightful and lots of new content which gave me a boost in my career
This is a great introduction to SEO with algorithms that matter and also relevant
Very good instructors and clearly and properly compiled videos and study material
Very good introductional course for SEO, I will just add more practical examples.
The instructors are too good at knowledge level, learned a lot from them. Thanks
Super didactic. They covered all the basic topics on SEO. I highly recommend it!
Short, concise and practical course.A learned a lot of basics concepts about SEO
Great info!! Really opened my eyes to what happens behind the curtain of Search.
helpful and great.it gives me the good value of knowledge and easy to understand
Very helpful. I really like the tutor, she knows a lot and explains super clear.
A very enjoyable and informative course for anyone interested in the art of SEO.
It was truly a useful course. Every topic was well explained by the instructor.
Great intro to SEO and how websites achieve greater rankings in search results.
It was thorough I learned a lot and I am exciting to finish the specialization!
My experience is very good and I have gained w great knowledge from this course
Very good introductory course in SEO. it gives you very solid foundation in SEO
Very nice for those who are opting for seo in their career.Best for a beginner.
This is a great course with lot of knowledge about search engine and its career
The course was really helpful and it cleared out any of my previous confusions
Great,  also required to be more curious about details provided here in class.
Good course to have an idea of how search engines work and introduction to seo
Very helpful and useful information! Would definitely recommend it (as I did!)
I love this course, it gives me a lot of useful knowledge for my career path!
Great introduction course for search engine optimization theory and practice.
This course was very informative. I have learned several new facts about SEO.
Great course to learn and understand of basic term of SEO .Thanks Rebekah May
A great introduction to SEO: I now know what it is about and how it evolved.
Great introduction to SEO. Great for beginner's just getting into the field!
Now I know, what's the next step.Thanks my instructor, UC DAViS and COURSERA
it was highly informative and the links provided as study material are great
Super helpful and informative course, a good starting point to learning SEO.
Great  class, I know nothing about computers but was able to understand this
Great , Enjoyed Learning and highly recommended for Social Media Enthusiasts
Very well explained and easy to understand for those of us who are beginners
Love the instructor!!!! Very good course for beginner !! Highly recommend !!
I learned a lot of information about SEO and search engines that amazed me!
Clear introduction of search engine optimization, useful reading materials.
This course is well delivered and provides good basic in terms of SEO topic
Very informative and offers a good insight on what is SEO and how it works.
it is good course for introduction of search engine and everything is good.
I really liked it and hope I would get the chance to finish the rest of it!
excellent course with a great knowledge and the instructor are very helpful
a very good course for me to learn SEO from the origin, not just use tools
I really love this. Will continue the course and finish the specialization
Pretty good for those who want to dive in this field and start from basics
I found this course very helpful to me to the understanding of what is SEO
An amazingly structured content, which help you to be from zero to hero!!!
Excellent material with a great focus on visual presentation and content.
A well, structured course for beginners. A foundation for future studies.
I have learned a lots of things thanks .... it going to help me a lot ...
Very nice introduction to search engine optimization, highly recommended.
This is a great course to gain a deep understanding of the nature of SEO.
Definitely a great first look at what it means to be an SEO professional
Well structured and informative.  Readings were relevant and up to date.
Excellent Course. Great introduction to the subject, and very practical.
Easy intro into this topic keeps you interested in pursuing more classes
Really good course. Helped me build a foundational understanding of SEO.
Absolutely must-take course if you want to understand SEO fundamentally.
I love love love the course, I learnt so much and I want to learn more.
Very good course for getting introduced to SEO and learning the basics.
Rebekah May was great! Looking forward to taking more courses with her.
Great platform to learn something new from great experienced teacher's.
This is something that I want for my Digital Marketing career <love_it.
I use these skills daily in my work, thank you so much for the clarity!
Great course! Looking forward to moving through in the specialization!!
Perfect for starting SEO. Understanding the nature of SEO development.
Great course for someone whose starting out with no background of SEO.
This course is awesome... I learnt a lot of things.. Thanks "Coursera"
The course is very well designed to learn the basic of SEO . Thank you
Great course.  SEO is the future.  Highly recommended launching point.
Well paced course, rich in content and yet not very heavy to complete
Very good to build a basis to understand how the search engines work.
It was really useful course! There are very good material to improve!
Very Informative and useful lectures. Explained in a very simple way.
Its great to learn in a one to one session, awesome course and Team.
Course we use full for basic knowledge on search engine optimization
CourseWascokmprehensive and clearly written and produced. Great job!
very best course thanks for uploading and chosen me for this course.
Great course. Even for someone who have worked with SEO for a while.
HIMYM is the best sitcom after friends,modern family, dekh bhai dekh
Am really liking the course though I would rather it pick up faster.
Such a great introduction and fundaments of SEO, it really worth it!
Very useful. Touches upon relevant topics to give complete overview.
Search Engine Optimization  Topic is Really a quality based Course.
Very useful and provide deep understanding for the beginning of SEO
It was great learning with proper explanation and the clarification
Very good for someone who wants to know all about SEO from scratch!
Loved the course. Structured very well & taught extremely well too.
This course was well thought out, easy to follow and comprehensive.
Very instructive!!!!!Nice explanations and a lot to learn about SEO
LEARNED A LOT NEW INFORMATION FROM THIS INTRODUCTORY COURSE ON SEO
Well explained and solid fundamentals that don't change over time.
I have learned a lot off insight regarding SEO though this cources
More informative then any course I've taken before on the subject.
The course is very worth-wile and i got really some good insights
After completing the course, I learned many things regarding SEO.
best course for the beginners in the search engine  optimization.
a lot of knowledge about SEO and how to get a job, interview  QNA
I feel that I learned a lot, in a very reasonable amount of time.
Very useful knowledge to acquire for those completely new to SEO.
A great course of beginners and understand what SEO is all about
well no doubts, well illustrated all things and very helpful too
Thank you. A lot of detailed information and well built course.
Great amount of knowledge in introduction section only loved it
A very insightful course that is easy to understand. Thank you.
i found this course very informative considering the SEO field.
Very helpful course. Hope to find the same on the next courses.
A full and nice introduction to SEO, intrested to move forward.
Very helpfull for a begginer to understand the basic about SEO.
I really enjoy the course and highly recommend others to join.
This is the best course ever i have taken. Thanks to the team.
well structured modules,really informative ,exact to my goals.
In details and shares lot of materials, blogs to keep updated.
the best course for SEO ever I have seen, very nicly explained
Well explained, practical, to the point, clear quiz questions.
Awesome Experience. Thanks to Thanks to Coursera & UC Davis :)
This was an excellent course, well taught and I learned a lot.
A very interesting course for anyone who wants to start in SEO
Very useful, dynamic and engaging course. Totally recommended!
Very engaging and informative videos. I learned a lot from it
It helps you get a basic in depth knowledge about what is SEO
This was a very informative, well-designed course. Thank you!
Great course. Thank you very much for the knowledge acquired.
Great Course, I'm looking forward to learning more about SEO.
Really easy to understand even for complete noob like myself!
Wonderful experience and valuable knowledge about SEO gained.
Enjoyed the course. Signed up for the next one in the series.
great course with great imformatic content thankyou so much.
Interesting and the time-frame of the course is just nice :)
its amazing course with detailed SEO details really helpful.
Great course a must take one will truly help other students.
enjoyed every second of this cours thank you for your effort
One of the best course I came across about SEO fundamentals.
Great, but we need more tools and works to do, not only read
hope to get more insights on SEO in remaining series..thanks
It was a wonderful course. Very nicely and simply explained.
It was a awesome learning with David awesome teaching on SEO
excellent introduction course to search engine optimization!
Updated material, real cases, interactive, useful at market!
Really useful to understand SEO from pass, present to future
This course is great. I have learned a lot from this course
I found it very helpful and now I would like to dig deeper.
Excellent course and very well delivered by the instructor.
Very Good course! I am Pony missing some material to print.
Good course to get you started in SEO and Digital Marketing
A great introduction to SEO and world of digital marketing!
Well taught and got a very good idea on how the SEO works.
Very Helpful for a guy who wants to learn SEO from Scratch
It is an informative course. I've learned a lot about SEO.
I learned a lot. Don't forget to read the study materials!
An excellent start to learning Search Engine Optimisation.
A great introductory course to start understanding SEO! :)
Many interesting content, a lot of resources to use daily.
Great and elegant course for those want to study about seo
A very knowledge base and useful course for SEO aspirants
thanks  my mentor  give me valuable information intro SEO
Great course for understanding the topic at surface level
great to learn new things with a well interpreted history
Excellent teaching from basics and I highly recommend it.
Informative. Best Learning. Simple. Easy. Understandable.
Wow! It was great! You gave a great start in learning SEO
Learned alot just in the introductory class, I love this!
There ain't a more comprehensive course on SEO than this.
I thought it was nice, well explained and easy to follow.
Easy to follow, relevant content, and good for beginners!
Great introductory course on SEO! Learned a lot from it!
Great content. Very informative and easy to understand.
Great course.The instructor have done a wonderful job !
Everything was perfect! Thank u very much for lessons.
This was a very informative and thorough intro to SEO!
Great resources to learn from and a great teacher too!
Excellent introdution to SEO with excellent materials.
Great course! A lot of useful and practic information.
Great Course Material & Hands-on Learning Experience.
Great course to start your basic understanding of SEO
Best Course encouraged me to go forward in SEO world.
Really informative, very well presented. Loved it ;-)
The way our mentor explains everything is phenomenal!
Good Course, planned in a way it looks easy to learn.
A very well designed course with tons of information!
Best Course for SEO. I strongly recommend to enroll.
It was so great that I want to take its next course.
A helpful and informative overview of SEO's history.
Very useful with full of information and motyvation.
great experience and gain of lots of knowldge of SEO
Really awesome Course gain lots of insight about SEO
Great course with a lot of helpful insights! Thanks!
One of the best courses I have ever enrolled. Thanks
Informative, education, interesting - very valuable!
I'll Suggest You this Course. this will be helpful.
Great Course for beginners!. Learned Lot of things.
latest knowledge and depth of each practices in seo
Such a good course to know about the basics of SEO.
contents are very useful and well-organized course!
Very useful introduction in a simple way . thanks .
This was really a good learning about basics of SEO
It was great to learn a new skill on this platform.
Awsome And very Informative Course Regarding to SEP
Really good sources, I would recommend the course.
One of the most in-depth introductory SEO Course!!
this course help me to better understanding of seo
nice course, good intro to the fundamentals of SEO
best introductory course about SEO....Thank You!!!
Great course! Cant wait to start with the next one
A very in-depth introduction. Thoroughly enjoyed.
Nothing Is More Than Practise..Thank You Coursera
I am enjoying so much this SEO course. Thanks xxx
it very effective and provide good learning place
Solid introduction that covers the basics of SEO.
Great course so far. I enjoy every lesson. Thanks
A great introduction to SEO. I've learned a lot.
Learned a lot about the basics of  SEO Thank you
I love it. Learnt a lot from this online course.
it was a great course.i learned a lot of things.
Great content and introduction! Very interesting
Great instructor! super introduction. Thank you.
A very useful introduction to the basics of SEO.
Thank you so much for providing me this platform
One of my best course that I want to finish it .
Useful, clear and compound! Highly recommended!
Very well structured and good relative content!
Very well designed and well articulated course.
It was good for introduction course. Thank you!
very good introduction. better than I expected.
Great Intro course who is new to the SEO field.
Excellent course. It has a big picture of SEO.
I liked this course. thank you for teaching me
It was a great to start to an overview of SEO.
Well researched and organized course material.
A very good course for first knowledge on SEO.
It was greate and useful. Thank you very much!
amaizng course, super helpful and educational
Great starter course for me getting into SEO!
great experience and fun learning on coursera
Very good basic understanding on the SEO area
very good gave me a clear introduction to SEO
This course totally change my way of working.
Absolutely fundamental of SEO. I'm satisfied
Great Course! Fantastic learning Experience.
great course to learn SEO Thank you UC Davis
very good for learning about search engine.
She's so good. I love they way you teach <3
Very good introduction to the topic of SEO.
Nice way to learn about SEO  for a beginner
The Facilitator was inspiring and Excellent
I have gained a lot of Knowledge about SEO.
I learned a lot in just one course. Thanks!
Found this course very informative! Thanks!
informative and interest developing course
Good courses for SEO intrested candidates.
one of the best introductory SEO knowledge
INFORMATIVE, WELL TAUGHT AND INTERESTING!!
I was really enjoying studying this course
Amazing course for beginners ,thank you :)
good teacher makes the course interesting
Awesome experience. Had a wonderful time!
This was a great overview of the material
Very solid and clear for an introduction!
amazing course indeed , it was useful <3
Very insightful to begin the SEO journey
it was excellent and faculty was awesome
Only the surface but useful nevertheless
Amazing course, Instructor is very nice.
So informative, and easy to understand!!
Understand the course easily. Love this.
Brilliant course with all basics covered
Well structured and presented. Thank you
Learned the essentials of SEO in detail
Very good Course, I am glad I tried it.
For Beginners, this is the best course.
good course, but ineffective instructor
Great mentor and course content as well
Really good and useful course!!! Thanks
A bunch of information provided. Thanks
Great course for learning basics of SEO
Very insightfull and gives a clear unde
Informative, Interesting and Inclusive.
great introduction, very well explained
Excellent course and very informative.
Very engrossing and interesting course
Excellent design of the course module
Perfect course to start learning SEO!
I just want to say Thank YOU Coursera
Great one.Am motivated to learn more.
Very informative for newbies like me.
Very Informative and Valuable though.
great lessons I have learnt this year
Well taught and a great intro course!
Covered holistically the SEO overall.
Right amount of material, right pace
Excellent! Quick and very practical.
Good, but some lectures are useless.
Very much helpful.Thank you so much.
very nice and important to my career
love it, nicely presented and useful
I loved to study and learned this...
Very nice intro, i ll keep learning
Very useful information. Thank You.
Very informative content thank you.
awesome course learn alot of things
This is very helpful for learn seo.
overall good for knowledge gainning
Great information about SEO basics.
Could recommend to beginner of SEO.
Perfectly presented broad overview.
I learn a lot about SEO. Thank you.
Love the course. I learned so much!
The instructor taught with passion.
Really fun learning something new!
Very helpful!! Thank you coursera.
Very good course. I learned a lot.
It was a great course , thank you.
Excellent course to understand SEO
Really good SEO intro and History!
Best intro everThanks to UC  Davis
the course is easy and very useful
great course to get started in SEO
A great introduction - very useful
Very appeciate the course content!
Very thorough introduction to SEO.
Best plateform to learn.Thankyou!
I liked the pictures and her pace
This course was very informative.
Really this is an amazing course.
Great knowledge and great content
Very interesting and well taught!
An excellent introduction to SEO.
Interesting ! Very Interesting !
good course! Enlightening enough
Thank you for this Awesome class
Best Introductory course on SEO.
Very nice and refreshing course!
Great intro class for a beginner
Very insightful course, must do!
Very informative. easy to follow
Really great course. Recommended
Good overview course, enjoyable.
Great overview and introduction!
Really good for this modern era.
Very informative course indeed.
Useful and concise intro to SEO
Nice and very insightful course
Very useful and well structured
Thank you, was a great insight.
Excellent Introduction to SEO!
Great explanation, I liked it.
one of the good course for seo
Thank you. I loved the course!
Very good session. Thanks you!
Liked the deadlines and tests.
Intersting and well explained.
in a single word it's awesome.
Great course, great resources!
Excellent!  Highly recommended
Very nice and complete course.
GOOD COURSE AND GOOD LEARNING
Great to be a part of. Thanks
Very useful insights on SEO!!
Great course. I learnt a lot!
Amazing course for beginners.
Great info on introduction :)
Good refresher of the basics.
It was an awesome experience.
very thorough and informative
It's really beneficial to me.
best author and great content
really helpful . learn a lot.
Excellent introduction to SEO
A nice course for beginners.
precise and well explained !
Amazing content,thank you :)
amazing and wonderful course
I injoyed this course a lot.
Great!!! Powerful Content :)
Exellent course for beginner
Great to begin learning SEO!
nice course good information
NICE AND GOOD SKILLS COURSE
Great super understandable!
Lots of helpful information
This was an excellent class
Good for SEO fundamental.!!
Amazing Learning experience
Grate course for beginners.
Perfect, easy to understand
Amazing intro to the course
Great learning oppurtunity
Great Introductory session
Totally loved this course!
Great course! Thank you :)
Very revealing and helpful
This course helps me lot.
It really helped me a lot
Very Informative and Deep
great introduction course
Great introduction to seo
This is a great course  !
Nice intro to the course!
good and fantastic course
Great intro to the topic.
Great introduction to SEO
This was so nice course!
awesome experience thanx
Just Awesome Information
very good ! learnt a lot
Good Introduction to SEO
Very clear and accurate.
Very Informative Course.
i  gain good experience
The course was amazing!
This gives me new light
such an Amazing Course!
a very good start to so
Perfect intro to start
Outstanding Experience
Really awesome course!
Great class to follow.
very good great tutors
awesome new knowledge
it was nice learning.
great beginner course
Thanks!, Great Series
i need support please
great course so far!
it's a great course!
Awesome instructions
Thank you so much!!
A good intro course
Learn Many Things!
Great Intro to SEO
Very good kick off
NICE INTRODUCTION
Good for Students
Ilove this course
it is too good ..
This is PERFECT !
A great program.
Amazing faculty
it was so easy
nicely explain
The course was
AWSOME CONTENT
Good course :)
I JUST LOVE IT
very  helpful
its great.
Its
