A fair chunk of the course is reading verbatim from w3schools pages. Some of the assignment inputs have been bugged for months and the lecturer hasn't bothered fixing them. Really regret ponying up money for a certificate for this rather than a more in-depth course.
I wanted to give it a 0 star but couldn't find the option. Instructor was not comprehensive at all.Discussed the lecture with some outdated tools.Overall it was not a good experience and a time-waste.
The course material was ok but too narrow, I would suggest adding more on css + scss and more JavaScript and overall cycle explanation. The most disappointing thing was the last project... Some people make a real effort to complete it ( style it, add additional functionality, etc. ) but are reviewed by people who do not do click through a review or any review. Some of them add only HTML plain template and expect to pass..... LAST PROJECT CODE SHOULD BE REVIEWED AT LEAST BY JUNIOR DEVELOPER!
Terrible waste of money, learnt more from youtube tbh
The course presentation is too dull for me.
Has the instructor actually done any serious web development work? Continually recommending GoDaddy is what makes me question this. GoDaddy is an OK registrar but support for web hosting is very poor. They have even been known to lose a database - a big NO-No for a web host.I just cannot get past the intro section because of a few problems with the instructors knowledge.
This is my experience as a 100% newbie: From what I understand, this course is intended for beginners, but after completing the course, I can't say that it is for true beginners. It is possible to complete the course, but if you are true beginner (i.e. someone who has never used or seen HTML, JavaScript, or CSS mark-up language or coding), you might struggle a lot to even understand what the various parts of each language are. For example, to complete the optional assignment for the the HTML section, I had to pause, search for, and complete the Coursera Introduction to HTML Guided Project first; in the guided project, the instructor went slowly, explained HTML properties, and then walked us through the process of working with HTML; I took what I learned in the guided project and completed the optional web development assignment with much greater understanding, knowledge, confidence.  If learning is supposed to be the sweet spot between activating or being exposed to knowledge and reaching a clear goal through level-appropriate challenge, I don't think the goal of learning was 100% reached, at least in my case.As you progress through the course, you will see that  the instructor has a lot of pre-made documents that he uses, and he doesn't consistently explain what he did to get those code lines/language lines or why he is utilizing them. The explicit part of teaching isn't consistent in the course, and as things progress, it is easy to feel lost, confused, and unsure of how to recreate the functions that the teacher is able to create.  The course does emphasize the importance of practice, but it seems to overlook the fact we best practice/manipulate after we are given tools that we understand. I didn't feel like the course was planned with that in mind.  We are asked to do progressively more difficult tasks, as we should be in a course, but unfortunately, the support explicit explanation of "what do to/how to do it" in the course lectures does not make it always possible (at least in my experience).  I passed the course, but it was a difficult road; I needed to consult another course, outside explanatory blogs, and YouTube videos to fill-in (or completely explain) background knowledge that I needed to complete the tasks for this class.
I dislike courses that have 5 or 10 minutes of video followed by instructions to read a public 3rd party website for the bulk of the material. Paying $80 to be told to go browse a free (though good) website like w3school.com seems shady.The course did explain how to properly separate css, html, and js files. I was disheartened when the upload page for the final project made it impossible to upload more than 3 files while also asking for an image to be included. The peer grading appeared to be a game of scratch-my-back and I'll scratch yours with students trading reviews in the forum.
Emm. I think there are some contents that are redundant, e.g. discussing color functions (rgb) and so on. And sometimes the course depends so much on w3schools that it seems to be a w3school tutorial. I think the lecturer should introduce more libraries or frameworks, e.g. jQuery, Bootstrap and so on.However, the lecturer specifies the content in detail.
Watered-down.  The instructor showed quite a bit from W3Schools, which I could have found myself.  I expected a lot more from a class that is associated with UC Davis.
this course is a little bit boring
Like the videos and information but the 'Required' Peer Graded Assignment is stupid....There are some people who give full points regardless of what is on the webpage.....While there are some who just love to cut points in every section (even though everything's perfectly fine).
When you consider the extremely reasonable price attached to this course I would say the curriculum and outcomes where entirely worthwhile and deserving of a positive review. However - are their more in depth Introductory Web Development courses both online & in class that will better prepare you for the field? Undoubtedly.Once again - the instructor and course description do emphasize the brevity and introductory nature of the course. Take this course if you are undecided about in class or more in depth online studies in this field. www.kanatamedia.com
The system of peer review in the graded assignments is not a robust one. The reviewers are not capable in many cases and many times they don't read the code completely before arriving at decisions. I had to submit the same work thrice with instructions to correctly download the project files and review. In spite of that, the comments provided by the reviewers prove that they haven't cared to read the instructions or the code fully before evaluating.
I wasn't able to complete my course because there was no more assignments to review in week 6. So, in that case "Coursera" should let us review the assignments of the students who had completed the course in order for us to complete ours. Other than that the course was fine but the knowledge provided in the videos was limited and addition info. was provides through external sources which doesn't make any sense.
To be honest this is an Ok. It is good enough to learn basic HTML and CSS. The issue is that the videos are a few years behind and the programming language is out dated. So that meant that one has to research up to date programming through the internet. I know that these classes are free but it would make it more exciting if there was a link leading to up to date programming and discussions.
This course is good. It is very nice introduction to web development. What I like the most is that there are peer reviews on assignments. I think that peer review is really great thing and really helps on classes like this one. The only downside of this course is that course is really basic. Maybe some more advanced things could be added to the course.
I wish had money enough to afford this course , i reached module 3 and i got much knowledge about how websites work and i intend to finish this course as fast as i can
Reading contents are very good, video lessons are so frustrating a lot of things haven't been covered in videos. Worst teaching so far. I'm sorry for honest opinion.
I think the course is fairly basic it can be completed in less than the time frame assigned. Basic and like a stepping stone to the World of Web Designing.
Pretty average in my thinking. Everything is taught incomplete which makes it really difficult to grasp further taught concepts.
This course was all about the basics. Learned a lot and helped in building interest in web development.Good Course
Instructions are not sufficient when it comes to a beginner side
It was good but javascripting is not explained properly......
A very very basic level course for front end development.
i loved it i learned from begining
i learnt a lot from this course
Good and intresting
Its a great course and you will definitively learn the basics to web dev. Things like HTML, CSS and JavaScript are the core of client side development and they all are learned here. The only bad thing is the peer-grade system where you sometimes get wrong reviews of your assignments from people that don't even try to do it right.
I did learn a bit of HTML, CSS, and JavaScript, and plan on learning more on my own. I enjoyed the course overall but felt like it should have been longer and more introductory for those of us who knew nothing about programing concepts.
This is course is a very good overview of the basics to Web Development. The course provided an outline of basic concepts, resources, and exercises to begin learning Web Development. For me, getting through the assignments in the course required a ton of research and working through  W3Schools and CodeAcademy.  Just know the course provides a framework that empowers you to work on your own. I enjoyed the scope of this course, the peer-editing process and assessment is superb and I would definitely recommend it to anyone who is new to Web Development
Everything almost fine, but I strongly disagree with the assignment grading system that was given by the other students on my assignment actually done correctly which it suppose should get a higher mark, but due to one of the reviewers had given me the incorrect review it had caused me a lower mark. This is very very unfair regards to all our hard works and time spent to take this course. I hope the management can look into this issues seriously. Thank you.
I found the course very informative and enjoyable. I'm not a coding wiz but this has helped significantly with the work I do on website design, especially in website builders when I want to change something I can now go straight to the code rather than finding the necessary buttons to press in editor. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to do it for fun, learn a little for work or who want to have a career in web development.
It was a very informative course. Learned a lot about web development and every thing related to it. The practice exercises are amazingNote:- Could you have some replacement for peer review. The grading is not always up to the mark. Many a times they don't follow the rubrics or don't check the page properly.There some who are putting links of W3school to get away with the work. Please look into these.
it is very good for starting knowledge in the field of web development. But for be a specialization in this field , specialization course will be good and it will be waste of time to apply for it than for specialization course.It will be helpful to understand things in next course after doing this course. in this course given references are very helpful. and the teaching method is also nice.
It was a good course specially for beginners. Most of the things are explained in a very simple way. HTML and CSS are explained nicely, if you are a beginner you can find Javascript slight difficult but continuous will help you to have a nice grip on Jacascript. this is a very good course if you want  to start a new journey in web development.
Enjoyed the Foundation of Web Development. For the next iteration of the course I would suggestion going over in more detail how HTML and JavaScript should be linked with using JavaScript validation. This was something many learners struggled with and the provided resources missed some key things beginners would struggle to grasp.
This is a very good course for the beginners in web development. It gives good examples and is quite easy to walk along with the pace of the course. exercises at the end are quite meaningful to access what we have learned. I also like that way the course is structured.
Good course, comprehensively covering key concepts involved in Web development. Although It does not touch server side development, but provides foundation to pursue advanced courses in web development and design. Thanks Coursera.
Nice content created by the content writer to easily digest the basic concept of web development. Grateful to the content writer for introducing HTML,CSS and JavaScript in a good manner...🤗🤗
The instructor is very knowledgeable, the course itself was super helpful and I think i can design a good website with the skills that I've earned from this course. So all in all awesome.
Just gives a briefing about Front end development. But peer graded assignments are so unpredictable due to improper evaluation that it will reduce your overall score .
It's good for the Beginners who hardly has some idea about web development but not enough for the experienced one or who has at least basic knowledge of all these.
very basic course, easy to learn, a good place to start with web development. I would suggest to  put a little bit more advanced and challenging tasks
It was clear and complete, I feel that CSS was incomplete and I would have liked professional feedbacks at least for the final exam.
the course  helped me a lot in understanding the topic.this course is a good start, if you want to become a web developer.
It helped me in learning basics of html,css,java script.Its prefect for starter.Thank you veru much for yor free course.
this course is very useful for me , i learn a lot of thing  by this course, this will really helpful for me in future.
Great introductory course. It's designed for those who want to start creating web pages. Good examples, great teacher.
i like this course , but I prefer that the practice were part of the calification. and not only optional .thanks
You Can Learn the Basics of HTML, CSS, and Javascript. This Course is helpful for Web Development Aspirants.
Good course, that provides examples of how the code works after it is written. A real hands on approach!
so thank you so much for this course i loved it i've gained so much knowledge regarding web development.
It was an amazing experience and an extremely good course for beginners like me. I learned a lot.
I enjoy the course, it helps you search out the answer in how up needed to complete the project.
It's an eye-opening program while the additional resources have been quite helpful to me.
Great introduction course. I has me interested in learning learning some other language.
It would have been nice to see the full program and see where the different sections go.
It was great. Now i am interested in looking up more about web development. Thank you!
It was very interesting course.I learnt many new thing.It was a great experience.
Its a great platform to work. I really liked to work on assignments they demanded
this course is awesome and the teachers are great but the course should be remade
Over all the course was very informative and easy to understand for a beginner.
Good class for beginners in web development. It is simple and cover the basic.
The teacher was remarkable but in some videos all the code was not visible.
was indeed an excellent guide for people opting towards WEB DEVELOPMENT
I think the course  is a good beginning. It helps me have a good basic.
its nice learning experience, looking forward to more certifications.
It's a really good course for beginners getting into web development.
It is a great course to start learning the basics of web development!
I have Learned very good About HTML CSS & Javascript in that course.
This course was a great introduction to web development. Thank you!
It is the best beginner course.Had a great experience learning it.
it is best course for beginners who want to develop there own site
It was interactive and that is what i liked about it the most!
The programs which the instructor explains could be uploaded.
this course has provided me the basics of web developement.
Helps to gain basic knowledge required for web development.
It was a great experience to learn html,javascript ans css.
it's very knowledgeable course for all front end developer
This course is very easy to understand and is very helpful
Great for beginners. Should include more web development.
Great course with good optional assignments. enjoyed it.
it is really a best course for learning web development
this is the best course for starting at web development
It’s quite a good course but needs some more efforts .
focus more on javascript from teacher point of view
this course increses my interest in web development
Good introduction, but too few concrete examples.
good course but the content is very minimalistic
This course is really helpful for the beginners.
it is very help full to learn  Web Development
this is really good and is easy to understand
my quizzes are locked please open the quizzes
nice course but voice quality is little down
It was quite okay to start web development.
Very good explanation of the basic concepts
Its a good course but I must improve more
its a great course and easy to learn
Course was good with good knowledge
Its a ood course for the beginners
The course is absolutely amazing.
Nice Explanations and assignments
I learn web developement with fun
I have enjoyed this course a lot.
This Good Course for the begniers
Thank you, It was very helpfull.
Very basic but nice explanation
wonderful course worth taking.
This course was really helpful
Learning is better experience
Good course for a beginner...
It was really Helpful for me.
Really Helpful for beginners
Gave a new path to my career
Great Course For Starter
You should add bootstrap
good.formal.simple.
really nice content
Awesome course 😇
No thing
FINE!!!
This course deals with all client side fundamentals of web development. It starts from teaching of HTML to javascript validation of HTML forms. Overall this course is a must for beginners.
this was a nice introductory course to get basic knowledge of the vast field of web development. i highly recommend this course for those who want to start their new journey in the field of web-d.
Good to learn about Web Development.It helped me a lot for learning and developing a site.I like this course and I'll prefer those to choose this course who want to become a web developer.
A great course for beginners. Easily taught. Practice exercises are very engaging. Overall , the course is good enough for you to create a basic website with lots of validations and CSS.
It was very helpful and I understood things so easily. A beginner in this field will surely be benefited.  Also the extra material is very helpful. This helped me take up full stack web development.
Even though I haven't been able to purchase the course (yet!), I am very glad that I decided to take this anyway~ It's like an into course for dummies! Except without making you feel dumb~ Lol.
Very useful and helpful course. I got a better understanding of actual web development. Thanks Coursera, Lecturers and its team for giving me this golden opportunity.
very  good course for beginners ,every concepts are explained very well
A great experience to learn basics of html, css and Javascript
This is a great course! I love its structure -  it begins with info about hosting and domain name (something many others courses don't touch on) and it gives us enough guidance to start html coding before moving on to Javascript. I appreciate the precise short videos (10 mins or less each) because overly long videos tend to make me lose focus. The instructor is very knowledgeable and has industry experience in web designing and it shows as he shares his knowledge (for example I never knew <a> tag stands for anchor..woot). I love this course........oh have I said this already? :)
I found that course as really nice possibility to gain and structurize basic information about the web development. How the simple website works and what are 3 main technologies (HTML, CSS, .js) of web dev. Thanks a lot
It`s a fantastic course for a beginner. I could feel the effort that was put into to make sure people understood. Thank you Coursera, when I become one the greatest, I will remember this beginning.
I am not new in coding, but in here I found something useful. I really recommend this course for new people, because it is very easy steps of how to make some coding or personal web page.
This is a superb course for learning web development.HTML,java script and CSS are explained in this course.Reading materials and assignment helps you to learn more .
This is a great introductory course. It focuses on client-side development and teaches you HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Web-hosting and domain name servers are also explained to give students an idea where websites actually are located and how to find them. After completing the course you will be able to design your own interactive web page, and even make it accessible on the world wide web if you desire. Definitely take this course if you are interested in learning the basics of web development.
This course understood me  the full concept of web development and most important thing was that it have a short duration of video lecture. In this course, we  use the CSS and JavaScript code which was explained in deep way ( extra having various type of informative resources).The main interesting and learning thing was its peer graded assignment which works alot in finding some little mistake. I also will recommend this course to my friends.
Great course, it is really easy to learn with Daniel Randall and the suggested resources. I think the course is very complete,  I have achieved a very good understanding of the basics of web development now and my learning path is much clearer. It was very motivating, very exciting and I had fun throughout the lessons and assignments. Thanks again to Daniel and Coursera for making this type of education available to everyone.Juan Marino
I have tried several courses to learn web development on Youtube but this is by far the best I have come across. It makes learning some of the most complex things easy and fun. The structuring of the course is very impressive. The coding exercises are important if you wish to make the most of this course. My only suggestion is for new content to be added to make the final  project even more comprehensive, other than that no complains :)
I would like to thank Cousera so much for this amazing opportunity, it' doesn't come around often. The introduction course gave me a head-start towards a future in an online career, from hereon I will be able to take on much heavier courses along this field. I recommend it for those who seek a basic understanding of Html, Javascript and CSS knowledge, people who are looking to go into Web Development and more.Thank you!
I started this course knowing absolutley nothing about designing web pages. Now I know enough HTML, CSS and JavaScript to probably freelance small simple jobs. The learning style is a bit frustrating of trying to copy the code off of the teacher's computer, but overall the course is well worth it. It was an intro course and I feel like I got my money's worth.
The course is for beginners. It really does take 6 weeks to complete. There is homework and grading which makes the course more interesting. Although the voice is sometimes a little slow, the knowledge asked by the end of the period needs a quick progression. You can expect more torough research to be done seperatly after week  4. Great investment.
It's been a great and friendly course for anyone interested on learning the some of basic abilities of making websites. Worth noting, that this a client-side course, this means, you will learn abilities to desing the visible part for the user of the webpage. Everything is explained with detail and every week you will learn a new different ability. I really enjoyed it
There was a good course, we covered a lot subjects in a short time. Jus as a feedback  for the week 5 it was really hard to follow the code writen on the screen due to the size of fonts, it was too big, the con lines cut by the screen. You have to go forward and back on the video in order to see the whole line wich is a waste of time.
this is a very interesting and innovative course and the best part is i am getting a very deep knowledhe about every aspect of how to build a website or webpage and what are the different aspects which are required to make them,i am much satisfied with this course and would like to do many more in future.
i love everything about this course. it really do helps for a beginner like me. it offers such a brief and great explanation by the educator. plus all the materials given for the tutorials/reading are superb. same goes to the assignments given. everything is perfect. thanks a lot ! ❤
Professor Daniel Randall explains clearly and gradually. Working on the tasks was entertaining. He gives readings and videos for non-class work and it was very helpful. Definitely go to course if you want to start your career in web development or just build an attractive website.
The course is really good for beginners. But I think that a little basic knowledge is required to understandHTML and Javascript taught in the course. Apart from that, the course is user friendly and it is my suggestion to do the optional peer-guided assignments as it helps.
Actually Introduction to Web Development course in Coursera is awesome. I always use to learn new things from internet and these courses helps me a lot for expand my knowledge. Well explained lessons makes me clear in every single issue. Thank you very much Cousera
This course is Very helpful to the young aspiring engineers and shares a equal impact for betterment of a professional. I personally found it very helpful and interesting . One can worth spend his/her precious time on this amazing course of web development
This is a wonderful course that gave me an opportunity to understand and see how a web page/website works and all the unseen work and effort that goes behind it. I was surprised to see things change in real-time as I write the program or add designs. I strongly recommend this course to beginners like myself stepping into this world with little to no knowledge of web development. Also, the most important thing is Coursera, I think is the only such platform encouraging learners from all over the world offering a financial aided program for those who cannot afford it. I look forward to taking up more courses and supporting Coursera for it supported me during a hard time. Love Coursera.
I enjoyed learning about html, JavaScript, CSS, Forms. I thought the information was explained well. I would like to have seen the Instructor's screen a bit more early on in the course. Viewing the coding and other elements in the beginning was a bit tough to follow as he was speaking. This did improve as we got toward the end of the course. The instructor did a great job in Week 6 with the practice sessions. I would like to continue to learn more. I could use some guidance as to what I might study next after Introduction to Web Development.
This is one of the best courses on Web Development I have ever taken. The teacher is amazing and knowledgeable. He starts the course right from the beginning and built it up to advanced. You will surely enjoy the systematic approach the teacher employs in teaching the course. You will learn how to create, design, develop and maintain a web page. You will gain skills on how to use HTML, CSS and JavaScript in Web Development. The course will shoot you to your next level in Web Design and Development.
The course was really awesome and as a beginner into this stream of web development technology I found this course a great help to me to get a strong hold of basics and I would highly recommend this course to beginners as prior knowledge is not required and everything will be taught clearly and ofcourse great effort and determination are also required to learn these technologies and complete the course on time .
This is a very good course for the people who seek to get a sound fundamental knowledge in front end web development. Though the knowledge provided by the this course is basic, followers might not need to go through advance courses but advance knowledge he/she need.I would like to show my gratitude for the instructor and also the Coursera to giving us this valuable opportunity.
Before following this course I have no idea about how websites works that I use daily life.Now I have basic idea how web pages works and I have achieved good foundation about web development and showed me clear guideline to learn more and become a professional web developer in future.Thank You Coursera & thank you all
Thank you so much to Daniel Randall and University of California, Davis  for giving online courses to me. i learned so many skills to develop websites by using HTML,CSS and Java script. i will continue to learned and explore the other courses.Thank you so much!
It was an amazing experience. The explanation was excellent and the quizzes & assignments helped a lot. This course helped me in gaining basic knowledge required to  start with in the vast field of web development. Thank you for such an amazing course.
I really enjoyed the online course. I thought it was well planned and lay out, easy for me to follow. The work load(h.w. & test)was just enough, so i could finish everything with enough time, learn about the topics and not feel over loaded and rushed.
Taking this course has given me the basic knowledge of front-end development. its been a wonderful moment each time i logged in for my course.am really happy for the coursera community for giving me the privilege to learn this course. i say THANK YOU!
I really enjoyed the course and the instructor had passion and care about what he was talking about. When I started this course I only knew HTML and came out with so much more about Java and CSS. I can't believe how much I learned in 6 weeks!!
A Great Experience to learn HTML,CSS and Javascript. In this 6 week we got to learn lot of things and i enjoyed a lot while making my Assignments and Project. Thanks to Coursera and Daniel Randall sir for giving me this opportunity.
Very good course! I would recommend it to anyone interested in understanding how websites work. Great introduction to web development, it has spurred me on to learn more, and I feel confident that I can do this now. Thank you.
From this i learned more things and more thinks about the web development and design in html,css,js and more and i thanks to coursera and UC DAVIS and I desire to spread my knowledge to others on the right of  justice.
It's interesting to learn new things. It is the first course in this series, I enjoyed a lot while learning web-development. Good content and delivery. Excellent for the beginners. Thank you for this excellent course
This is my good luck to learn this course from Daniel sir . I am the new comer in this site and my first course  is web development .  I am very thankful to Daniel sir to give his complete dedication in this course .
The course offered me the baisc idea of html,css and javascript in the best way possible which will help me in my future of learning web development in a better way.Thank u coursera for such a great initiation..
Best course for beginners. A few weeks back, I wouldn't have thought I would like coding at all. But this course made me love it while learning it. Best suited pace for beginners. Thank you for this course!!
A perfect course with a great teacher. Each lesson was laid out with great detail. Moreover, each exercise after each lesson made my concepts clearer following with the assignment each week.
I have learnt a new thing. But this course has made me think analytically. Now I'm sure that I'll definitely join Army/Navy /Air Force one day. GodspedeTo The Instructor Mr Dan RandallKudos
Thank you so much for an amazing course, it made me fall in love with the web development. Fantastic study materials, an amazing teacher and a great organization of the course. Thank you!
Thank you all for providing me with this opportunity. Especially to my sponsor Malaysia Digital Economy Corporation Sdn Bhd, Coursera, Dan Randall and the UC Davis Online Education Team.
It was a great course, it goes from the simplest to the most complicated and gives you tools so you can consult or learn more on your own, anyone could take it, you just need to learn !!
This course was fabulous. I got to learn many more interesting things during this course . This is a very good primary course to learn web development. Good Luck to the future learner :)
This course is very useful and informative. The best thing in this course, and generally about coursera is that it provides you with opportunity to ask questions from our classmates.
Great course for beginnersThis is a good course for people that have no experience in web development or for people that have done web development and want to refresh their memory.
i have learned so much from this course. now i know about HTML, Css, Javascript. this course helped me a lot to understand and inspired me a lot to do more. thanks for everything.
Very good and interesting, good fundamentals for a new web developer or designer. I recommend this course to the newbies in web development or designing. Good lecturing as well.
I sincerely thanks to the instructor he explained in a very clarity wayI hope he provides more useful information to students with his knowledgeThank you sirMay god bless you
It's a great course to start the contact with the web development world. Something I really appreciate was all the extra information in the reading sections. Thank you Dave!
This course really help me to know more about web development, especially for newbie like me in web development. The material was easy to understand and really practicable.
Nice course! It will show to those who are not familiar at all with web development that this is not so hard actually and any interested person can afford this. Thank you!
It was extremely challenging, but really worth it by the end of the day once you get the hang of it. Remember to stay focus, remain consistent, and please don't give up!
This course actually helping people who are willing to word as a web developer. And also anyone to learn about web development. Lecturer is very good. Highly recommend.
Its's a very good ,informative course . The videos are short so easy to watch in your free time ,even the resource materials linked to the course was very helpful.
This course is well presented. It was interesting and inspiring. At some stages the topics presented were a bit too basic but good in overall. I loved this course.
Very good course with detailed explanation of all the important topics. Very helpful for beginners who want to master the skills in the field of web development.
This is really best course ever . I just wanna recommend everyone who has an interest in web development just go for it guys . You will really gonna learn a lot.
I had interest in  web development. Through Vidyavardhaka College of Engineering and Coursera I am able to learn fundamentals of web development. Thanks a lot.
A bit too much JavaScript, but even that part was well done! I hope there will be another course with server-side scripting as well, at least for beginners :-)
This is amazing course and give very good kickstart in journey of web development .I recommend everyone to take this course if u wanna learn web development
The course was very well defined and gave an overview of most web technologies which are being used in industry also helped get an insight at web scraping .
Many thanks to the creators of this course! Thanks to the course, I was able to refresh my existing knowledge. The teacher explains the material very well.
The course was great. The instructor covered all the key points of the topic. I am glad that i had the opportunity of taking this course. Thanks Coursera
A great course to get started in this field. I would recommend this to any person who is willing to learn web development and don't know where to start.
It was a great course for understanding html, css, javascript. thank you ucdavis and coursera for this course. i'll surely recommend it to others.
It is an excellent course for the beginners to learn about coding and programming. Also to develop your skills learning html, CSS and JavaScript.
Well thought lesson with great explanation and way to keep me track with the web development. Thank you for such a wonderful service by UCDavis.
really good method of teaching.i now can code my own site with the notes given.check out my new site file:///C:/Users/ezrah/Desktop/change.html
In my opinion it was a well taught course and the tutor did an excellent job explaining and showing how basic HTML, CSS and javascript worked.
This is a really nice course and I really appreciate how informative it has been as well as the pace at which the instructor was teaching at.
It is best course I have ever come across and the videos of Prof. Daniel has made it very understandable and the course goes with the flow.
I found the course very interesting and the way of teaching is very descriptive. No doubt in this that the course is very helpful and good.
This course is the basic building block for those who want to learn something skillful knowledge about HTML and basics of web development.
I really thank you for this course. It is an interesting lesson and it helps in gaining a lot of skills in web development. Thank you!!!
https://www.coursera.org/learn/web-development/peer/r44HA/complete-html-form/review/TXUJfQHcEeqsmArkabu7KQplz do  my review today urgent
Very interedting course. I got to so much from this course but not happy with the JS content  Some things are wind in very short way.
Thiis course is perfect for the absolute beginners i would recommend  this to anyone who wants to learn web development from Basics
Before this course, I thought of CSS and Javascript as a very complex language but this course cleared my fundamentals and doubts.
good course to learn basics of web development . If you are just beginner then don't worry it doesn't require great coding skills.
Great course I think Daniel Randall is an excellent teacher and if you want to learn web development this is the course for you.
I'm pretty confident that I can create a website of my own with the desired designs from the knowledge I've acquired from here.
I loved this course! The professor is the best I I learnt a lot! It's a shame there are no more courses with this professor...
It was really amazing.I loved doing all the assignments.It helped me a lot and also developed my interest more in this course.
instructor ,course content ,method of teaching and helping material or links every thing was outstandingwish you best of luck
It is an amazing course with best tutor present for you to teach. I was really satisfied with this course and its contents.
This is the perfect course for absolute beginners. I loved the way the professor taught  and made things easy and precise.
It was my first ever course on web development and they teach everyone from 0 level that's really great for the beginners
This was a great course. The instructor was amazing. The course was short yet informative and had all the basics covered.
Thanks Coursera for providing this wonderful course. I gained a lot of knowledge through assignments and final project!
Awesome course structure and all the teaching faculties are excellent. I have enjoyed a lot and it is very interesting.
It's a good course, provides me broad fundamentals of web development opening my way to further studies on the field.
Awesome course, I had no idea about web development and this course has provided me solid base on how websites work.
great course with gold information I learned a lot and I'm looking forward to learning more about web development.
This course is very much useful to learn the basics of HTML,CSS and javaScript.I'm glad to accomplish this course.
This course is easy to learn. It is great for beginner to start their web development career through this course.
Was a great introduction to the basics of front-end website building. Mostly an HTML class with some JavaScript.
its very interesting to learn and most useful. thanks to the beginners, very easily to understand thanking you.
This course helped me a lot in understanding the web development concepts and made me eager to learn even more.
Very good course . Assignments was very engaging and useful. Overall, the course is good, It was very helpful.
it was a great journey and i was not just learning i am enjoying the course too.thank you sir !!thanks alot :)
NOW I AM FULLY ABLE TO DEVELOP WEB ONLY BECAUSE OF THIS VERY INFORMATIVE FROM WHICH I LEARNT WEB DEVELOPMENT.
Really I have come through one of the best courses for Web Development. It will be really good for begineers.
please extend this to backend programming as well. Thank you vey much for give me the fundamental knowledge.
Amazing its just fab i really enjoyed learning this..Hope each and everyone would enjoy as i enjoyed it!!!!
It was a wonderful professor and a great course. Easy to understand. Great for the beginner!!! I recommend.
THIS IS BEST COURSE FOR LEARNING BASICS IN WEB DEVELOPMENT.I HAVE LEARNED A LOT FROM THIS COURSE.THANK YOU.
Excellent course! If you really want to learn HTML, CSS and JavaScript, this is the right course to take.
this course is very best for beginner .All the basic things of websites have been taught in this course..
This course was very educational and gave a great understanding for the fundamentals of web development.
Very nice and informative course.I learned a new and demanding skill web development from this course.
The course was fairly tough but engaging and challenging which made it apt to develop a new skill set.
This course, although is basic, still necessary for every Web Developer aspirant. I loved this course
This course is helping me to learn new things.  If it will work i will pay money to by it officially.
very good and amazingwe need many courses like this in web design and web development and programming
Instructor was very good and the reading material provided was nice overall a good learning platform
For beginner this course is perfect  i strongly recommended this course to computer science student.
It was fun learning this course. Thanks to the instructor who taught us in such a great manner.
NICE, VERY COMPLETED IT HAS THE NEEDED INFORMATION AND VERY USEFULL. I RECOMMEND THIS COURSE
Course was best detailed  in best shortest time covering all the fundamentals and techniques
Great introduction to web development.  I feel confident in going forward and learning more!
Great course. Javascript was a bit difficult but finally managed to understand that one too
Excellent introductory course. Helps build confidence if you don't have the basic knowledge
I learn a wide variety of things. I believe i could take this into the future of a career.
nicee explanation if u r new to web development then dont worry they will teach from scrap
Strict fundamentals for anyone not familiar with any of the developer jargon. Very useful.
Great course for beginners to get the basics of Web Development, HTML, CSS and Javascript.
thank you coursera,now i'm able to creating my own websites.And its help me in my career.
This course made me get to know my interest i am very glad to have this type of platform.
A great course for beginners or if you're looking to refresh some web development skills.
It was helpul for knowing how websites work,built.In this we learnt HTML,JavaScript,CSS.
Excellent course! I learned lots of things about web design. We no experience at all !!
It is good. But there is some lectures which are not understandable or implementable.
It's really good to learn at this platform and i think everyone will learn it easily.
Simply superb Everyone must have to look into this course . Explanation is awesome
i learned a lot from this course and  this will help me a lot in my future carrier
Good experience with Introduction to web development .Thank you so much Coursera.
Great course, the videos are very interactive and everything is nicely explained.
A great course to learn the basics of web development and covers a lot of topics
This course provides with all the basics of web development and is a great help.
If you want learn the front-end part from basic then it's a better way for you.
it was very fun learning experience. i got to know more about web development.
Learned lot of things like html, css , javascript. Teaching way was also good.
Excellent intro to html, css and JS for people who are new to web development.
It is very useful course to study,and it helps me a lot to gain the knowledge.
A very good course for beginners to step into front end web development.
excellent course if you are a beginner and want to learn web devlopment.
Perfect if you want to get started with Web Development, easy to follow
it was an awesome one we request for the further course with proffesor
Amazing instructor - Sir Daniel RandallEasy to understand, simplified.
had a great experience to be in this course and learnt something new.
Best  course  for  beginners  who  want  to  learn  Web  Development.
very good course for beginners who are interested for web devlopment
I am so happy to learn an HTML language form this coursera web site.
That was an amazing experience! A great starter to study web design.
Excellent course for gaining knowledge in HTML, CSS and JavaScript!
Loved the course and had a great experience here . Learning was fun
THIS COURSE HAS HELPED TO KNOW ABOUT THE HTML, JAVA-SCRIPT AND CSS
good start for everyone who starts from basics in web development
Great head start for beginners who want to pursue web development
This course is really full of information about web development.
Nice And Simple Course. Great for beginners. Thanks. Goodbye.
Great intro course with very helpful advice from the teacher
Best course for beginners who want to learn web development.
A very good foundation to get you started on web development
Awesome teaching ,this course changed me a lot, thank you .
Very informative, really helps one to develop a great site!
its good and interesting. I am continue course in coursera
This is Best web development course I ever seen. Thank you
Good Coverage on Web dev basics and follow up suggestions.
This platform is really very beneficial for the begginers
This is a good opportunity for me. Thank a lot coursera.
Very good course and well explained. I learned a lot. :)
very easy to understand course and interesting as well!!
Thank you for everything dear teacher.Thank you coursera
Really very good lectures and study material,learnt alot
it is very useful to enhance our web development skills
It was very good and very easy to learn and understand.
excellent teaching and very detailed course structure.
Coursera is an amazing platform to learn a new course.
learnt a lot . thanks a lot for providing this course.
The best course ever yet, I have done from coursera .
it was such an amazing course i really learned alot!
It gave me a very good insight into web development.
good exercise level and it also improve my knowledge
It's a good course, you can start without knowledge
This course helped me a lot to improve my skillset.
Pretty much very good course and mentor is awesome.
Love the Professor!Am definitely going to miss him!
I like this course this is so easy to learn.......
i learnt a lot from this course .Awesome course!!
This was a challenge as a beginner web developer.
It's good to learn Sir was teaching from basics
I have learned much new things in this course..
Very good and informative course for beginners.
It was  very fun and exciting to work on this .
i am happy to learn this course from coursera.
it was really helpfulan easuy to learn,thank u
Good Course. According to me it is a must do .
Great intro course for web page development.
Excelent!Very good course.good introduction.
Good materials to start with web development
Wonderful course to learn web development.
Only basic intro is provided in the course
Nice course for beginning Web Development
good course as a start point for beginner
Thank you so much for your time and work!
It's do what is say: great intro! Thanks.
Thanks for the best knowledge giving me😊
Very good corsera web developer thankyou
easily transfered to students .very nice
Awesome place to learn ! Something now *
Very easy way of learning for beginners.
This course is best among web-d courses.
That is very good and full of knowledge.
i loved it learned alot of things thanks
This course is excellent for beginners.
I really like it and enjoy, thanks you.
Good course to learn for the beginners.
Great course,Learnt a lot of things....
Great course to start your web journey.
it is a very good course for beginners
This was a very usefull course for me!
A very useful and interesting course.
Really  engaging and helpful course !
good course to start web development
Complete practical course. Go for it
Amazing learned a lot of new things.
good learning platform for begginers
One of the best course i have learnt
is a real good introduction course
Very informational one . Thank you
Very nice course. I learned a lot
A very good course for a beginner
Very useful course for students..
This course was very beneficial..
This course has really helped me.
Learnt a lot.It is a nice course
Excellent course for beginners!!
its really good and very helpful
A Very Good course to start with
IT'S NICE I LEARNED MORE .THANKS
Thank You for all the learnings!
great course.i simply loved it.
nyc site to learn in a easy way
Great content, great professor!
I am happy to done this course
Great Course, I learned a lot!
the explanation was excellent
Very useful and easy to leaen
This course enhance my skills
this site is just amazing....
Best experience with coursera
really awesome for beginners
great. add more explanation
it is a very good course .
good platform of learning.
Welcome to the New Lesson!
Thanks for helping me alot
this is a very good course
truly enjoyed this course
its to good to learn this
Best course for begineers
Course was well organized
Good for building basics
good course helped a lot
it was an awesome course
Explanation was awesome
Very good for starters.
Best for the beginners.
really nice expirience
It was very helpfull.
very helpful course !
It was really useful.
it is a good starter
good practice for me
Awesome its too good
Very Usefull course
really exciting !!
really very course
I love this course
Great For Begineer
its best flatform
really very good
Phenomenal work
Really amazing
goood platform
This was great
It's to Good.
it was great.
nyc learning
Thank you😄
Great Sir
