The first courses of this specialization are a waste of time. The full specialization could be just 1-2 courses. This is a perfect illustration of how schools now insanely make a course a "specialization".
The material is interesting and new, on that part the instructor is doing a good job. What is really VERY annoying about this course is the fact that in case you have questions/problems relating anything of the course material and you (as said by the instructor) post them to the discussion forums, there is COMPLETELY NO REPLY neither from the instructor, nor from the Coursera.There were obvious mistakes in one of the quizzes and lots of students were posting and discussing this in the forums (as this was actually preventing students from passing the course), but there was no answer whatsoever.I find this very unprofessional, especially because of the fact that this was a paid course. I do not know (and I also do not care) who is responsible for this - Coursera or the instructors, but this is something that should not be present in any of the courses on Coursera.I liked the first course very much, but the mentioned part of the second course was so annoying that I really would not recommend taking this course to new students. Sorry.
The lecturer provides very general information that is extremely low level, dated (for SEO this is unacceptable) not detailed and without actionable insights. Moreover, she asks the students to read online articles and Moz articles (which are great) which are easily discoverable by a simple google search. This course adds no value, no new knowledge, no insights and does not give you a competitive edge. The lecturer speaks about an hour in total and asks the course takers to do the heavy lifting by doing 10's of HOURS OF READING  articles (also asks you to buy a book for 20+ USD as one of the assignments). This course is a joke! Alexa demographics is discontinued for almost a year now but she talks about Alexa and other defunct tools and metrics.
Poor grading system. Based on 2 peers' "subjective" points of your week4 analysis assignment, even if you digested all the materials and received 100% on quizzes all weeks, you will have to repeat taking this course endlessly. At first I thought I did not analyze thoroughly so on my second session, I basically rewrote the whole assessment, followed by samples passed students gave me, also making sure I covered all the points the instruction asked me to cover, peer gives me 1 or 1.5 point for writing persona with little detail. I wrote 350 words persona, with stories and demographic of my target audience.  Because I am 2.5 points short or so, I have to take this same course for the next round session for the third time, wait it it reaches week 4, resubmit my analysis that is now edited for 4 times. There is no clear guideline, format, or even sample provided, but the grades are left to the peers. Some pass with less than 300 word analysis with a lot of charts and pictures. I did as well but wasn't lucky at my first round so I developed 3 pg. analysis all in words to make it look like a true analytical report, didn't pass again. I do not know what this instructor is looking for as a form of assessment/analysis paper, and only those who are lucky enough to meet sensible peer graders pass. Waste of time, waste of money no one wants to spend lifetime to get a certificate especially when one knows what he or she is talking about.
Very poor. Full of errors in videos and quizzes (which affect final grade), no response from course organizers in the forum to multiple complaints from learners, and extremely thin on content. Could have been merged into the first course of the specialization (Introduction to SEO). I've taken $49 one-off certificate classes that provided 4-10 hours of content for 6-8 weeks; for this course I was charged $119 for 1-3 hours of content for what was supposed to be 4 weeks. I completed the course in a couple of days and felt like I learned more from free resources like Moz. Complete rip-off and easily the worse course of the half dozen I've taken on Coursera on various topics. It seems like you're paying for the UC Davis name on the certificates rather than the content. In addition to all that they dropped the price from $119 to $79 per course for the specialization after I paid for it, and refuse to refund the price difference. Fine - but if I'm paying a premium price I expect much better content and service than was received.
Content is very condensed - but fine. However, you need to pay to do the quizzes and even the peer assessment - something where you are contributing by reviewing other participants work. Charging me for supporting other participants and supporting a 'learning community mindset' seems ridiculous to me.
Little project for analyzing websites that we want to rank. I was expecting something more insightful.
I found the assignment quite difficult as I felt that what we were asked to do was not possible. At least not with Accuracy. No matter how many web pages I tried to analyse and with how many different free tools I seemed to come up with the same 2 issues.....if the page was performing badly (which was the type of page we were recommended to choose) there was not enough traffic to it to gather any information/demographics. However even when I chose a popular page I was unable to obtain the requested information because it was not my website so I was not entitled to view this information - again returning zero results. So I am a little confused as to how we are expected to answer (truthfully?!) questions such as: Who are the main visitors? Where are they from? Where did you obtain this information? ??
The reading material is not in the course. You should buy a book.
For a complete beginner in the subject of SEO, I believe that I've gained some knowledge and insight on the subject. However, I don't feel confident that I have any actual skill in the subject. After reading some reviews on this course, I'm glad that I didn't have to pay for this course.My personal issue with this course is that the quality of the videos isn't really the best. I also found the peer graded assignment somewhat difficult to do, seeing that I didn't have any SEO tools to rate things like website traffic and the free resources couldn't really give me any useful information for the type of website we were asked to work with. Others have pointed out that many of the resources are things we could have easily found online, for free, on our own. That is true. The videos also feel somewhat redundant, in all honesty. Someone pointed out in the previous course that their structure is: the instructor says what she's going to teach us, she teaches us that, she repeats what she taught us. When I realized this I skipped to the actual meat of the videos, so in the end the actual useful content was like 2 mins of video.
It was OK. There is nothing you will gain from this course that you can't get in a single 1/2 hour youtube video instead of 100 2 minute videos here. The assignments were questionable and the examples used in the first assignment at least no longer exist.
I feel that some more resources would have helped. For instance, useful sites to get SEO information, page ranking etc.
Overall I enjoyed this course and gained valuable insight on SEO best practices, etc. That said, I was quite disappointed and alarmed to discover that much of the content is outdated, specifically the recommendations given by the instructor in Video 4 of Week 4. While I couldn't in good conscience rate the class less than three stars overall, the experience has caused me to doubt that the content of other Coursera courses are timely, particularly in regard to current best practices. I had planned on signing up for another Coursera course, however unfortunately I now will not, as I have the fear of spending time and money on a course that provides outdated information. I believe the decent thing for Coursera to do at this point is to refund part of my tuition, however I don't expect this. Scott
This course provides essential information in how to best utilize the tools available today to analyze and optimize a site so that it will move up in the organic search results. I have 2 criticisms. First, some of the content may be from 2015. I am not sure about this, but it would have been great to be reassured that this is absolutely the latest information since it is now summer 2017. Second, the final week's project was extremely time consuming to do correctly. It would have been better if the instructor had divided the sections of the final project into the lecture series so that it could have been completed in stages. If you notice, the time allotment for it is 8hrs and this is correct. If you leave it to the last couple of days you will end up doing long sessions.
I learn differently than most students. It makes it very challenging for a person with dyslexia not having the availability of an instructor, or a person that understands the issue with a learning challenge. However there aren't any online courses that take any of these types of challenges into consideration without being prohibitively expensive. Hence Coursera is my only option. It takes me twice the time to comprehend the verbiage compared to most people. When a person has dyslexia a page of instructions looks like a foreign language. Thank you - Marten Benatar
Course quality went downhill, compared to previous course in series. No 'teacher' involvement in comments / questions. Mistakes within quizzes. Both practice and rated.
This course offers good direction for SEO fundamentals. However, it lacks individual guidance and ongoing course maintenance from the lecturer staff at UC Davis.
Good, but too slow at times considering it is just a high level view of basics. Distractingly weird hand gestures.
she can go in depth more and give us more and more information. but still, i like it.thank you coursera
The content is really good but the instructor was not very good
Too easy and superficial .
In general, I'm satisfied from the presented content, although I would really appreciate more concrete examples (visual) and more involvement of mentors
This course is very informative, but I wish the content was updated. Some of what I learned contradicts current information. As has been repeatedly mentioned throughout Course 1 and 2 is that SEO changes fast. So, being that the creators of these courses know that, they should update the content regularly to reflect those changes. A frustrating part of the course is the peer review. I took the time to carefully read and appropriately grade other students' work. However, two students didn't read my work but seemed to haphazardly click on the bubbles. For example, I clearly showed 4 pages and even numbered them, but one student clicked on the option that I didn't have 4 pages. There's another example, but I don't want to give too much away because this is a "graded" test. In other words, because of carelessness, I received a lower grade.
This course is sooooo much better than the intro course, which I am happy to say i was refunded for. This one dispenses useful and practical information right from the start. My only issue now is that I'd like to get the full specialization, but I'm not paying for that first useless course (sorry if that sounds harsh, just being honest). I highly recommend you make the first course optional or free to people who take the remaining courses and want to receive the specialization. I'm rating 4 stars because I haven't finished the course yet so want to see how my learning will be tested in the end before forming a final opinion. So far it's just been a few questions, but I like the way they pop up at unexpected times during the presentation. Keeps me alert :)
The lesson is fundamental learning while a good start for me to delve into SEO content marketing and marketing strategy latter. The subjects cover the on-page, onsite and offsite SEO learning points and attachment in every session is the detail topics for further study. I think it is beneficial to have the overall review in the last. I shall do the SEO analysis for a website which is poor in SEO and assess other students' SEO homework. I really learn a lot.
It became slightly repetitive - especially with the recaps - but I think many people would appreciate them, so I guess that's just me. All in all, an extremely clear, well-structured course that I would very highly recommend to everyone who knows nothing about SEO. It's an excellent place to start, especially if you already have a website, because you can start applying what you've learned on your own site in the final assignment, like I did.
Tons of very useful information. I would like to see a reference page of resources and what they are best used for--Moz, Screaming Frog, Alexa, Google Analytics, etc. It was tough to go back and find what I needed for different tasks. Overall, though, this class increased my knowledge and skills to the point that I feel confident analyzing some SEO fundamentals and making sound recommendations.
The course materials are very good for anyone who wants to get into SEO. I only gave 4 stars because I personally dislike the quizzes. They don't focus on what's important but rather on small detail questions that don't really matter. Other than that it's a great course! Most of it you can find in books too but with videos & the community it's more fun to learn on Coursera.
Very interesting course, I am really happy and grateful that I am now certified and I learned quite a lot!Just a few things:1) The peer review part is a little stressful because you need to find people to review your assignment.2) Some content appears to be outdated.Other than that I had a great experience and I will definitely recommend Coursera!
Good course. I however missed a walkthrough of title tag and meta description lengths in terms of pixels instead of characters which is the correct way. Also the difference in how the SERP truncates meta descriptions differently in a mobile browser.
This course was quite good. There were a couple unanswered questions (for example, when you say there's a character limit of 60 on something, does that include spaces or not?). But for the most part this is well worth your time and has good advice.
Great info, stellar detail. There were some things that were said to be provided in the course materials, ie. links, and downloads that weren't actually there. Just a minor thing to the great value being offered. Thanks for being here for me!
This is a very good beginning SEO course, specially when dealing with topics such as keywords, meta data, tags, url optimization. However, I think the third module (techincal SEO) was very poor and gave me more questions than answers.
The course is very helpful for me as a new learner for SEO. It provides a structure of how SEO on different level works. but I do hope a mentor would be there to answer our questions. will join the next course.
It's a bit tricky to analyze everything with only the free tools at our disposal. It would be great to have a student discount for some of the SEO-tools that we need during this course.
The course is ok and gives more details than the introductory course. However asks us to use tools which we have to pay in order to perform the tasks properly.
I found this very useful for the beginning with SEO. There are lots of the areas to deepen, but for general understanding it was really convenient.
I dislike the peer graded assignments. This paradigm destroys the whole "learn at your own pace" advantage that was the reason for using coursera.
This is an absolutely good course. I am really grateful for giving me the chance to join it. I am eager to know more about the rest. Thank you
Good introduction with some concrete steps to take when wanting to dive into the topic or simply trying to do some SEO work on your own.
I don't like that i have to wait for others so that I can complete the course and get the certificate. It's expensive to have to wait.
By the time you complete this course, you would have a better understanding of what your focus should be on in the world of SEO.
Great opportunity to learn something as SEO Engines, that I've always wanted to, in the comfort of my room during a Pandemic.
I've learned a lot from this course, much more than from the first course in this series. I'm curious about the next one!
The best thing in the course was the hands-on peer assignment at the end!Please, add more of these hands-on material.
This was a very comprehensive course for fundamental SEO and the assignments were easily applied to my own website.
Excelent course and program. I'd say outstanding, even, if not for the really dull and long assignment at the end.
Great course I do wish the tools were introduced or at least downloaded in this section instead of fundamentals.
Excellent content, but I would prefer the assignments be evaluated and rated by experts, not the colleagues.
The contents of the course provides rich fundamentals for everyone who would like to get insights into SEO.
Well, this course helps in laying a strong foundation on the basics of SEO. It is a well-organized course.
This is a great course for a beginner.Just one thing, they should focus more on practical implementation.
I really liked the hands-on exercises in this course. It helped me apply all the learning practically
Helpful introductory, but should place more emphasis on the ools you could use to perform SEO Tasks.
Good overview of SEO with practical content you can apply to your own site/business/clients site.
Really informative and easy to follow. Not sure peer review is the most effective way of marking.
I ac6ually learned a lot. It's a bit out of date at this point, but the foundations are solid.
This course is very good. It would have been nice to have the slides hence four stars.
I would rate it as a 4.5 because I would have loved more exercises.
I learned what to do, looking forward to learning how!!
Informative but could improve the learning experience.
A good start to learn the Fundamentals on your own.
Very good content. Helpfu and comprehensive.
Good Course and Good Instructor as well
great course to learn SEO from scratch
Few topics could have more explanation
wish more demonstrations with software
loved this course and learned a lot
The hands on work was very helpful.
Peer review is taking a long time.
goog for learning on page seo
Love the course, seriously :)
Good basic level course
its a great start
Very interesting course. It took me through the basics of SEO for a website. I used the concepts thought in this course in my current job and it has helped me gain credibility from my supervisor.
I signed up to audit the first 5 courses in this specialization. This review is for the first 3 of these courses taught by Rebekah May.I don't know that SEO is truly simple and logical or if it just appears this way because of how clear and easy to listen to Ms. May is. I do feel she has supplied a lot of very useful information, pointed to a lot of great tools and websites., and am already making improvements as a result of her classes.
Sometimes it's not important to be able to DO the subject, but just understand the language to ask the right questions. This was an informative and helpful insight into optimization fundamentals.
I'm very pleased with the course, It has a very clear and organized structure and content. I love i! It is very easy to understand SEO this way. Nonetheless I would suggest that some resources need to be updated, as SEO and his tools are changing rapidly. The explanations about Alexa is not updated, for example. It already changed. Also, and this has nothing to do with this particular course, but Coursera, I think that at least the final job should be reviewed by a professional SEO expert.It's great to check others students work to learn and understand things, but we should also receive some feedback from an expert.  All the other things related to this course are truly great. It's been a joy to study with this material. Congratz to Rebekha and her team.
This course was just amazing. Ecery single concept of the course is useful, widely explained and applied throughout the assignments. The final week is the best one because you apply all the concepts in a website.I think that if you don't have the chance to see results in your own website, you might still think you only learned the theory. However, I had the chance to apply my knowledge on my university's website and so far, its metrics have already started to improve. I hope that after reading this and finishing the course, you will be as delighted as I am now.
Wow. For a basic course - this thing is packed. You can literally start freelancing as an SEO after doing this course. And I am lol. Great job guys.Suggestions:Google has recently lengthened the meta description to 320 characters - please change this info in the course. (You still have the old meta description limit of 160 characters in the course.)It would be incredibly helpful if I would get notifications from Coursera when (1) ppl comment on my comments, and, (2) comment on my assignments. Kind of like the little red flag in facebook or linkedin.
now we're talking! After the very general "Introduction course" this second part of the specialization has a lot of valueable information you can actually apply! I have to say - I didn't really feel like doing the mandatory assignment part at first but in hindsight it was a really great exercise and amplified the learning process so much! Excited to take the next course!
Excellent course. Really breaks down all aspects of on-page, technical, and off-page SEO in an understandable, easily-digestible, and applicable way. The instructor was great and easy to follow. The additional readings, recommended resources, and suggested tools were extremely helpful if you want to dig deeper into more advanced aspects of SEO.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course ! It provided me with an in depth knowledge of SEO and its strategies that can help you to rank your website on SERP.The best part of this course is quizzes and assignments after every module. It helps you to gauge your understanding about this course.I would highly recommend this course to all.
I highly recommend this platform for all young Digital Marketing students who are in their Senior years and Colleges. Best industry standards and concepts discussed. Very Practical and assignments are worth it. It is a capstone method. Very well co-related with all digital elements. Truly Informative.
Great course that has helped refresh the SEO skills I once had and update on those that are no longer relevant. Assignments were thorough and by doing the work, I've developed a plan for helping a real-world website improve their Google rankings and better engage with their aaudience.
A very nice course. Explains the aspects of SEO which serve as the basis of a proper site audit in bery friendly but at the same time comrehensive manner. Looking forward to the more advanced courses by UC Davis.
This is not a trivial subject. Nevertheless, I feel completely confident in my newfound knowledge of it. Not only that, but I am very motivated to keep going with the rest of the specialization now.
this is amazing SEO course . i am first time learning about SEO . its really informative and help me to improve my skill. i really thanks to coursera to give this opportunity to learn this course.
Excellent Course. Insightful as always and simple to understand.
Excellent course - presentation of material was well paced and more than enough details and depth provided to give the student the information and resources necessary to learn optimally.The instructor(s) and generally this course took a deeper dive into tools and techniques for SEO for prep, planning, analysis and review.I highly recommend this course for beginners, intermediates, and any aspiring SEOs.
Builds a strong case for learning SEO by providing real life examples. The assignment provides opportunities to use them and further refine each piece learned here. The course presentation is excellent with really good graphics and well planned content. Some of the tools used in here might not be freely available, but many can be used for trial period or with limited content/features.
Challenging, thorough and engaging. Repetitive in a good way, by gently going back over content you almost learn by default. The quizzes are professionally prepared and sometimes tough to pass! This is good as you are obliged to think hard, even go back through materials or ask others for advice until the knowledge sticks. Highly recommended and of great practical value.
It was an awesome course. I have learned a lot of things from this course, and  now I feel the urge to enroll in the upcoming course as I have gained more interest in this field. Thanks to the course mentor Ms. Rebekah May and all those who are working behind the scene for  presenting such a wonderful course. I hope I will be more pleased in the upcoming course as well.
The structure and conduct of the course is commendable. It will surely enable the learner to go forward to learn and practice more to become a successful SEO strategist. I really thank the faculty and classmates for the wonderful learning environment and experience. Looking forward to team up again for good. Thanks
While I was going through this course, I had a client who paid me 40$ to do on-site optimization for her website. So, I took her website as a case study and applied all my learning from this course on her website, I improved her rankings for more than 5 keywords. She's happy. I am super excited. Thank YOU.
It builds on the Course 1 of the specialization and details each of the aspects of On-page, Off-page and Technical SEO. It provides a clear framework of what all SEOs need to focus on and how to handle problems they face. I am excited to take the next course where keyword analysis is discussed in-depth.
Very nice for those seeking to enter the SEO market, it really lay down a strong base so you can start optimizing your own website and those of your clients. Despite it does not dwell very deep into keyword research, the course gives you everything you need to move on for the next stage by yourself.
this course really give me basic about on page, off page and technical seo, and keyword research skill, i really happy and i will use this fundamental to continue other advance course related with keyword research, on page, off page and technical seo on website. Thanks for who have review my work!
She's thorough and doesn't read from the slides. You can tell she knows her stuff. Also she provides good resources. One thing i would appreciate is if she goes over how to use some of the many SEO tools for analyzing a website that she discusses apart from screaming frog e.g., google analytics.
I learnt much more in this course. Especially Fundamentals that i needed and those were just not available in depth in the course introduction to SEO.  But coursera should review assignments by their own hand because users do not review correctly the assignments and do not giving coorect marks.
Excellent course and very well taught. I was amazed by how clearly it was explained to people who may not have a background in this field, it is definitely useful for those trying to transition into new careers and understand more about digital marketing through areas such as SEO. Thank you!
This should have been the first course in the series as it actually provides you a good all around introduction of SEO and even goes into a few intermediate topics and tools. The first class in the series was just a cash grab if you ask me with this being the actual first real course.
Great information!  And there was a lot of it.  Even so, it was well prepared and skillfully related.  I felt confident that I was understanding the material and I used what I had learned immediately.  Terrific course.  I'm on my way to completing the entire series.  Thanks so much!
An excellent course - a step by step guide to dissecting the factors that go into  SEO and how to improve them. Unlike many other online courses, this one actually teaches the skills that can be readily implemented. Hats off to Ms. Rebekah May and the entire team behind this.
I learned what I expected, which was SEO fundamentals. It was nice separating the course material into separate weeks for important sections like on-page, technical, and off-page SEO. I also found the assignment at the end to be a good application of what we learned. Thanks!
Awesome course! I learned so much new stuff. Explains the aspects of SEO which serve as the basis of a proper site audit in very friendly but at the same time comprehensive manner. The assignments and questions as well thought out. I've benefited immensely from this course.
The course provided excellent SEO fundamentals which can be used for optimizing sites using on-page, off-page and technical SEO techniques. My sincere thanks to Ms.Rebekah May and the UC Davis Online Education Team for providing the opportunity to get insights on SEO.
The course contained
very interesting materials as well as very useful practices for search engine optimization.
I can reflect the assistance of one the course Mentors Mr. Hatem AbdAlsama
which was kind enough to give me a peer review and leave a kind note
afterwards.
Extremely helpful! I was able to immediately utilize these skills in my current marketing role. I was even able to introduce my boss to new tools he had never used or heard of before as well as reintroducing him to tools he had forgotten about. Thanks for the leg up!
I have started this course knowing so little about SEO. The dynamic teaching made it easy to learn. Now, I fell prepared to start optimizing websites. I'm a Journalist, and I run a small Public Relations business that will benefit a great deal from my SEO knowledge.
anyone who wants to learn SEO can benefit from taking the time to learn this material.  The only comment I would have is finding keywords that could use more examples of how to find and what to look for. Enjoyed the format and the material presented.   Lots of work.
Excellent course where they introduce different tools and software and how to efficiently use them but not in depth (Moz, screaming Frog,.. etc) .. The course instructor is really good and I would recommend this course for people with and without coding knowledge.
Amazing course! The best one I've ever taken in Coursera! The material is extremely helpful and the information is delivered in a super user-friendly way. It is easy to understand all the complex terms and implement them in further strategy for my website.
SEO Fundamentals is an excellent course for understanding what your business needs to do to improve its organic search rankings.  The course teaches how to make your website speak in a language that Google, Bing, and other search engines will understand.
This Course have taught me a lot in the simplest way possible. Each assignment in this course helped me to learn better than just listening to the course. Am glad i chose a course from this university. The way of teaching itself is brilliant and helpful.
It's really a good course and very helpful for those students who want to get latest skills related SEO. All new techniques of SEO and great content about SEO is deliver. I really appreciated this course and thankful all the team that provide it.
The content is great, and the lectures are clear, but this course was made in a rush: there are many bugs throughout the quizzes and there is no contact at all with the lecturer in the forums, and there is no teaching stuff present in the forums.
Despite the information regarding the "stages of search" being a bit disorganized and hard to follow, the course contains an amazing amount of helpful information. I continue to be impressed by the instructor's teaching style. Well done.
Even if you consider yourself well-aware of SEO fundamentals this course is definitely worth taking. The tutor explains the topics in a simple, but yet very informative way. I liked her approach and the whole structure of her course.
The course is beautifully designed. Syllabus is divided well in weekwise category for learners to learn the course in smooth pace rather than rushing. The tests and assignments are also apt and short and not hectic for the learners
Thank You My Teacher Madam Rebekah May. Thank You So MuchI learned a lot about SEO especially keyword Research and Specificity especially Final Assignment.As Course is moving forward it is becoming more complex and time taken.
This course has everything a SEO needs. I was weak at the technical part but this course got it all covered. The practical knowledge it initiates with the assignments and peer reviews are at par. Amazingly curated course !
Best Course to understand how on page, off page and technical SEO works. If you want to understand building blocks of SEO & clear concept this is nice course. Instructor "Rebekah" explains each & every topic with interest.
The teacher is very good, her explanations are always very clear and she is giving practical advice. She is also sharing a lot of her professional experience, very useful to get a better understanding of the field.
Really good course, information was well explained and broken down well so that it is easy to take on board. I also found it helpful being tested along the way it helped reaffirm i was talking the information in.
This class teaches you many things about SEO, tips and tricks, do's and don'ts, and much more. I highly recommend this class because the explanation is very good and makes my knowledge of SEO increase a lot.
The content is really good but what I loved about this course was the peer review assignment. I think this is how all assignments should be. It involved a good amount of research and was like a mini-project.
Excellent Course. Wonderful Learning Experience. However the course Material is older and I joined the course after2 years. Now many things have been changed and this course Material is needed to be updated
Very simple and understandable course to get the fundamentals for SEO. A great tool of setting up a customized SEO strategy for each individual webpage. Would recommend it to other friends and colleagues!
This course is well done and detailed. I love the assignment part because they make you learn more and especially when you are reviewing other peer's assignments. I can't wait to continue with the course.
Very clear, informational, useful and inspiring! I especially liked the videos and the additional readable course material. I will definitely go through the material later to recap.
Ms May provided so much information and so many resources regarding SEO. For each aspect of SEO I definitely walk away with a lot more knowledge that I can already apply right now!
This course is really something, now i have a much clearer picture then i had before taking this course, i am feeling confident now. The way they designed the course, it is great.
I really enjoy this course, is everything I need to know about on/off-page and technical SEO, and how to do keywords research and user personal is truly a solid rock knowledge.
This course was very well explained and the resources were easy to understand. It helped me a lot to understand SEO principles that I can now apply to my site.Thanks a lot.
this is the best SEO course available on the web. very detailed & thorough. specific instructions. i will recommend it to everyone who is seeking a career in the SEO field
it was really very informational and knowledge enriched course... love the way of tutor with which she delivers and access learner's knowledge. would love to learn more...
Another hit. Lessons are parceled out well so that it is easy to learn but then reinforced extremely well so that the participants leave with a firm grasp on the concepts.
The Course was great, so easy to understand and straight to the point. The topics are a must for those who want to understand how Google Search Ranking works. 5 stars!
The instructor of this course is amazing. I love her. The way she has explained everything Hats off to her!. This is the best course I have come across on coursera
This was a great class. It really solidified what SEO is all about. I learned a ton and feel like I could actually make a difference to a web site's optimization.
Very good course, presented in a way that is easy to understand. The practical assignments were hands on and actually made the content easier to learn! Impressed!
Good Learning ,Learned each steps in very simple manner .Just need to practice and become master in few days .I request you all to please complete this course ,
I don't appreciate the peer grading system because i submitted my assignment early on and I am still waiting for them to finish there's and grade my assignment.
I learned a lot from this course. This course is a great for learning SEO fundamentals. I suggest if anyone want to learn SEO you can opt this course for sure.
One  of the amazing tutor and great content for the SEO Fundamentals course. No doubt, why it was highly recommended to me by my colleagues. Great learning! :)
This course is a great primer for getting involved with SEO. When you start practicing SEO, you will find yourself coming back to a lot these basic principles.
Great Course which eave enabled me to learn a lot that  I wouldn't otherwise have had the opportunity to learn more so being from a developing country (Kenya)
Great information. Thank you Coursera for making these classes accessible to people all over the world. I look forward to completing the SEO Specialization.
A Great course covering all the necessary insights and introduction to On, off, and Technical SEO. A must for all those wishing to enter the SEO industry.
Really useful course! I already feel better at my job and I understand more about SEO! Looking forward for the rest of the courses for the specialization!
It was a great learning experience from the industry experts and the learning path was very structured to navigate the course content easily. Thank you.
Great learning experience! I plan on completing all of the courses in this series, and am looking forward to apply my learnings to a new career in SEO!
The course was really helpful for basic knowledge of SEO. I learned a lot and fount it very helpful. So thanks a lot for the resources provided online.
Super interesting if you want to work in content management field. Really appreciated the teaching method and the content presentation. Good choice!
Great introduction class to SEO, courses have a great structure and the instructor really makes learning SEO accessible to all. Highly recommended.
Excellent course, the course is very helpful for learning SEO and make it a real profession. I have learnt lots of core skills in SEO practically.
Great course to get started on SEO! After applying this knowledge on my own website, I have seen noticeable improvements. I totally recommend it.
I've learned a lot SEO basic in other tutorial but not same as like this course, very constructive and digging deep my insight in SEO knowledge.
I've learned a lot more tools and I know this will help me to further my career.  Thank you so much for ever being informative and interesting.
The course really swept me off my feet. Thanks to the Lecturer.  She imparts knowledge very easy and calm but the effect is very far reaching.
Great introduction to the fundamentals of SEO. The assignments and questions as well thought out. I've benefited immensely from this course.
Truly blessed by this amazing course, learnt a lot and the assignment made me go through all the topics once again and get better at them.
I have been pleasantly surprised at how much I have learned in each class.  There have been a few nuggets that have been very beneficial.
The course was eye-opening; took most of the mystery out of SEO best practices. The lessons were logical, thorough, and easy-to-follow.
I have learned a lot from this course  about SEO , and thank you very much Coursera for the financial aid, you gave me a  great chance.
Really good second SEO Course. Smoothly takes the learner in the deeper knowledge and the new set of skills for a true SEO  knowledge.
Very detailed and thorough explanations. The instructor is knowledgeable and provides a lot of tools that we can use for free of cost
wounder full course. if someone want to learn some thing from this course he or she has to take all the courses so they make sense.
Best one. Very informative. But I don't know why they are referring us to read 3/4 years blog while SEO is changing on daily basis.
the course will educate the lay person on SEO fundamentals and how the SEO will enhance the rating of your website. Thanks. Prasad
I enjoyed this course much more than the previous course in this specialization because it was much more practical and applicable.
This a really good course. I've learnt a lot with this course, in my opinion a couple of extended practice videos would be great.
I found the assignment given to be very thorough in allowing students to demonstrate learned knowledge in a real world situation.
Really amazing beginner to intermediate level SEO course with verified best practices from Industry giants (Moz, Backlinko, SEJ)
Learn a lot of useful tips for improving visibility of my website. Course materials are clear and concise. Thank you very much.
Personally I do appreciate This Course especially this section which made a strong perspective around SEO Fundamentals. [Like]
SEO has changed a lot over the years and I didn't realize how much I didn't know. I highly recommend this course! Thank you!
Very good content but it only gives a general view on each topic not going too deep on technical SEO and keyword research.
the course was amazing. The best I ever did online. The instructor was enthusiastic and it looked like she loved teaching
I am super excited to complete this course. Recommend for who wants to get basic ideas about SEO. It's really practical.
This is Amazing  course. worth of completing this ! Thank you instructors and thanks Coursera for such a great platform.
It's really worth it for understanding SEO fundamentals .. thank you so much I have learned many things from this course
Awesome instructor. Very knowledgeable and her methods works. Have applied them to my websites and all I can say is WOW!
Great insights on SEO and the exercises helped me to work on the practical side of  what I have learned in this course.
awesome course, step by step. Just technical SEO was a bit confusing that i think we will get more info on next courses
Outstanding course, it gave me all the tools I needed to start appreciating SEO and to effectively work on my website!
Instructor was passionate and clear to understand. She made the course enjoyable and the course content easy to digest
Great material, friendly instructor. A good combination of learning and practice. Looking forward to the next course!
The course is really good and the content is very informative. I enjoyed pursuing the course and all the assignments.
When a student arrives at a point where he really learns to perform important SEO tasks, boosted by his instructors.
This course gives you assignment which makes you think like a professional. You will learn to develop SEO strategy.
This is an excellent course - I learned several things I was able to apply immediately to my own company's website.
This course learn you practical information about foundamentals of SEO such as on-page, off-page and technical SEO.
Very good course, I just find an opportinuty to include closed captioned (cc) to one video that was very desfased.
Great course, content is very well structured and explained, ideal for people who are new to SEO or need revision.
Very informative and focuses in the basics. The assignments and links really helped in understanding the concepts.
The course has helped me to learn many things regarding SEO, and helped a lot in terminology. Thanks once again!!
Splendid! Got to learn so much from the professor and assignments. great course with practical hands on learning!
Amazing for people getting started with SEO. Would recommend this course to any (online) marketing professionals.
Thanks for the great course madam i learned a lot from this and looking forward to complete the specialization.
It was great learning experience.Even I had good knowledge of SEO still in each video I learned something new.
I've learn a lot during the course. I've been an SEO specialist for more than 3 years and I still learn a lot.
Excellent course! This would help me in the long run! Looking forward to complete the entire specialization.
I didn't realized how much I'd learned until I finished the final project! Super exciting!Thank you so much!
Excellent course providing the basis of SEO - very well laid out, well paced and full of useful information.
The instructor is just awesome! She is to the point and speaks only about the content with great efficacy.
This course did a good job building on the first. I learned a lot from doing the final assignment as well.
Loved it . It provide all the neccessary information which should be provided in fundamentals  of computer
This course provides vital, pertinent material on  On page, Off page, technical SEO and Keyword Analysis.
Great content for beginners.Especially appreciated given that the topic is not yet well covered by MOOCs.
This is an amazing insight into the fundamentals of SEO. Very helpful for all content creators and SEOs!
I am beginner in this field but i am going from here after learning so many concepts that blow my mind.
This is a good course about SEO fundamentals. It provides an overview about the topic for beginners.
Great course for beginners. It fills you with more and more challenge. Highly recommend this course
This course was very informative; however, I would have liked more feedback on my final assignment.
This course is well organized and user friendly. The exercises were great for hands-on experience.
Valuable information presented succinctly and clearly - no fluff here.  Thanks for a great course.
It's very comprehensive with all the main aspects involved in SEO. Solid basics are learned here.
it is really useful and the information given are easy to understand and to practice in real life
It is my second course on this speciality! I love it! Tons of useful information! Thank you guys!
Great way to understand the fundamentals of SEO and to begin a new career.......Thanks Rebekah !
That's one of my favorite course which covers all the aspects of on-page SEO and technical SEO.
I loved the course, loved the videos. Its super easy to comprehend and workload is just fine!
Very practical and addpative information from Rebekah May, and I love her teaching!Thank you!
Very interesting lots of useful and ready to use content. Looking forward to the next course.
More challenging than the first class but set up so you have all the tools to learn and grow.
Awesome Course ! Great Presentation and great Information ! Thank you a lot Prof. Rebekah May
This why I am a great fan of Coursera. Such a wonderful instructor and well arranged course.
Has one of the SEO core, theorical and practical course. I found very important and usefull.
beautifully designed course. easily comprehensible and the assignments were a lot of fun too
This course is so helpful to me i recommend this course to all of you it is must do course
It is very good and very well explained by the faculty. Thank you everyone for the course.
a great course for beginners and for those who already have a bit of knowledge to upgrade
The course was really cool and it enhanced my knowledge about search engine optimization.
The course is to the point and very practical approach and easy to implement on websites.
Very helpful and the host is great! I learned so much and really enjoyed every bit of it!
Best Course Ever. The Instructor May did great job and imparted knowledge in great way.
Thank you for your efforts. It's a really good course. I'm waiting for an advanced one.
Very interesting and useful course. I will inscribe in the next courses of the program.
I really enjoy the all session of the this course and learn many things .Thank youKayes
It is very easy to realize the course content and also provides practical tools to go.
Excellent course that covers the fundamentals of SEO in a an apt manner! Recommended!
A great course that gave me great insight into SEO. I received more than I expected.
So far Excellent course. The instructor is so nice. Highly recommended for beginners
Really a great experience about my first online course. Thanks for the opportunity.
It's a great course. It covered all the points very well and learned a lot from it.
I gained new skills, this course gives you practical, not only theoretical lessons!
Excellent class! Thank you for making SEO-learning experience simple and effective!
Amazing course thanks for this giving beautiful understand course providing thanks
Excellent content, I enjoyed all this course and instructor is very profesional.
This course has good thematic.  Your benefit is you can understand basis of SEO.
It is a very complete course. I loved. I can't wait to finish the next courses.
Thank you i learn a lot and it's make me better understanding about what is SEO
I loved this course. It's a great source of information about SEO fundamentals.
Best MOOC i have attended so far: clear and immediatly actionnable. Thank you!
Excellent course contents and a logical structured organization of the topics.
Learned a lot from this course if you are interested in SEO you must swing by
Excellent course which revolutionized my life and I found a job thanks to it.
So far so very good. Excellent teacher and very well planned. Learning heaps!
Another great course.Learned a lot. Thanks Courseara and RebekkahBest wishes
highly useful, practical and informative! A very structured way to learn SEO
Very well organized and informative course. Highly recommended to everyone.
Very informative with a lot of examples as well as real-life applications.
Good subject, after learn this subject i can get alot of things about SEO.
Amazing course, excellent course material & easy to understand presenter.
Highly comprehensible course, structured information, valuable resources.
The course gives a great overview as well as a deeper introduction to SEO
The course is really helpful to gain confidence over Fundamentals of SEO
Got to know about various aspects of on page, off page and technical seo
Loved this class. Well explained. The assignment is challenging and fun.
The peer review system was a bit unclear, and took longer than I'd like.
Very good information and detail, it also gave me tips of applications.
excellent, learnt many things which i was not aware of, thanx coursera
Im enjoying the content and the instructor does not bore me like most
This is actually the best course I have had on this platform to date.
Great information and very useful, I strongly recommend this course!
Very informative course indeed. It helps me to improve my site rank.
Very Nicely taught. I liked the way of teaching and content as well.
Great course - fundamentals and introduction to more advanced topics
Good Course. The course helps to understand the basic level of SEO.
I have truly understood the most important part of SEO fundamentals
Very in-depth and detailed information.  Well prepared.  Thank you.
Great course! Very detailed and simple to understand and implement
The best SEO course I attended. Highly recommend it for beginners.
Very good and clear course, again! And done in an interesting way.
Very good formation, very interesting.  The teaching is excellent
The course was clear in any aspect and really helpful overall :)
Very usseful course in order to get professional knowledge about
A must for anyone wanting to understand the nuts & bolts of SEO.
Explained the most important technical points necessary for SEO.
Thank you very much for such an interesting and useful course!
This course really enabled me to enhance my knowledge on SEO!
Great course! Thanks a lot! I learned a lot from this course.
Very informative and easy to understand. Highly recommended
I've learned a lot. Very well structured and nicepresented.
This course has so much detail and depth. Thank you for it
An amazing course which will really help you out with SEO
Loved this course! I can't believe how much I'm learning!
Unbelievable, you are great ( all the courses are great).
A great course for anyone looking to learn the about SEO
Very Knowledgeable.  Starts from the basics. Good lesson
it is very useful and additional for me alot of kowledge
Good materials and nice explanations of basic concepts.
The course was very comprehensive and easy to follow.
I learned a lot. Nothing better one can say about it.
Amazing information to understand the basics of SEO.
Great course, would surelu reccomend for beginners.
All was well explained, keep up with the great job!
Ably length videos with good blog sites to read on.
Interesting and good explanations from the teacher
This course was detailed and was really helpful !
This is a great course to learn the basics of SEO
Great, concise explanation! Thank you very much!
Explain about more tools. And more demonstration
This course is really complete I really liked it
Excellent course and tons of hands-on exercises.
very good and learning course . thanks UC Davis
Amazing Experience & Excellent Teaching Method.
Very interesting course, I highly recommend it.
it's been a very good course! Excellent content
Excellent Course. I look forward to continuing!
Great Course,  I learned a lot in this course.
Learned a lot from this for myself. Thank you!
Excellent course. Well structured and concise.
Awesome overview on the technicalities of SEO.
Super course, needs some update but it's okay
Every new module is giving me helpful tools!!
Very foundation and useful this course for me
Awesome course! I learned so much new stuff!
That's Was veryv useful I'm really Thankful
very practical, inclusive SEO foundamentals
Great content!! Thank you very much for it!
Learning a lot. This course is very concise
i really enjoyed learning this session. :)
Very good course with all the in and outs.
The great course to understand SEO basic.
I learned a lot.its a well made course .
Amazing course to become SEO specialize.
Awesome, thank you for the great course!
Very useful for real-world application.
Great layout, easy to follow tutorials.
Great course. I've learned lot from it.
She's excellent. Learnt a lot from her
Excellent course.very good instructor!
Good course for who want to learn SEO,
Very interesting, practical and useful
Amazing course and awesome instructors
An excellent course and well designed.
Really interesting and very practical.
Easy, Awesome,  Simple and Encouraging
Love this course! Really learnt a lot!
I love everything about this course.
great view of keyword research shown
Great course. I keep learning a lot.
Loved this unit, really informative
Very relevant topics and well put..
I learned lot of things about SEO.
The best free online course center
Very good course. Awesome content.
A very useful course for all SEOs
This Course is best for starters.
In-depth, interesting and useful
Thorough and very helpful course
Excellent knowledge based course
This specialisation is fantastic
Very complete and informative...
A great course for the build up.
really a great course thank you
great introcutory course on SEO
Perfect!! I liked it very much!
Open my mind in technical SEO.
Great Experience and Learning.
Really enjoyable and hands on!
Very good introduction to SEO!
Very Organized And Resourceful
Very good informative course
Perfect for beginners in SEO
Great Course ! Recommended !
Very well presented. Thanks
Nice details and dynamism
This course was helpful.
Extremely great course
I really learned a lot
Really nice for basics
Very nice course.  Thx
great engaging course
nice course thank you
Good for Beginners!
Very Good content.
Great first class!
nice an iformative
A very good cours!
Thank You, Mentor
Wonderfully  done
learned a lot !!
Great challenge.
learning alot
Simply Superb
well learnt
Perfect 
