This course is sadly very frustrating and I have had Spanish and French previously. I don't know how anyone with no Spanish experience would be able to finish the first week's worth of lessons without a lot of outside help and reference. I would expect that a course such as this would have all the reference you'd need to help you translate the material for the practice sessions. It seems like the reference and the practice were created at different times without any continuity. I have dropped this course and will continue with my other audio course.
Description states no previous Spanish lessons required to complete this course which is false.  Attempting this course and it was painfully clear that basic Spanish is required to even understand the beginning lessons.  This being said it probably is a great class for intermediate students - not beginners
this is not ideal for beginners
This course moves way too fast, and is incredibly demanding and frustrating. I have studied Spanish quite a bit before, but even I found this confusing.
Would not recommend this course or the whole specialization. The courses lack enough examples to drive home the main points of the language usage, especially where the grammar is concerned. The courses also rely heavily on peer graded assignments and most peers are very poor graders even when given specific rubrics. I have repeatedly had peers said I did not do something and dock me points for it while the thing is very clearly done but they did not understand and were unable to follow the directions given. Also the course expects language beginners to effectively judge each other's pronunciation which is plainly a laughable idea. Very disappointed!
Just tried this course. I have been using Rosetta Stone and it is good but I wanted more. Tried the first 20 minutes of this course and the scaffolding is very poor. It dropped me in WAY above my level with no guided instruction. I am an educator so I understand how to do this. Sorry, gotta drop it.
This course is not worth taking, especially if you have to pay for it!  It is boring and you hardly learn anything.  Do not take this class, it is not worth your money.
Got lost. The very first module had me lost. Thought this course was meant for beginners but wasn't offered any introductions
i strongly recommend to please teach spanish vocabulary first by video lectures provided by other professionals. I get tired of searching of lectures but i found nothing. In Week 1 only the person who dont know a single word of spanish get to give practical and match the following sentence ( how would i know man which word is matching with which sentence) until unless i am taught the words of spanish. To answer the question i have used Google translator if i have to use translator why would i pay so much money on this course.I tried to contact Help Centre but there is no head where you can chose to take help regarding course criteria.I am highly dissatisfied with course, don't know how this course have 4.6 rating.
im not happy with the course. its all vocabulary and no conversational lessons. going to stop
jumps into understanding sentences that it does not give the vocab for.
Very minimum teaching and only a lot of assignment work,It sucks.
Not appropriately organized for online beginners.  Quizzes deal with topics that haven't even really been introduced yet.  One seems to be expected to pick up relatively complex Spanish by osmosis.  I was planning to take this course as a refresher (I took Spanish many years ago and still remember a fair amount), and I don't necessarily need hand-holding, but it is a frustrating experience even with prior knowledge.
not useful. In the self quizzes, it only tells you that you got something wrong; rather than which questions are incorrect. It would also be helpful to be able to hear the words, so that we could match them with the letters. Disappointed I didn't go through more of this before the drop without charge deadline.
Do not help in learning. You can't expect students to be successful in learning saying like you have to do practice by yourself. Direct explanations of rule is not what i am looking for — there is thousands of video on youtube with much better explanations, examples, practice.
Poor is all I can say. Quiz questions often are not covered in the lesson. You need at least one book to go along with this class. Save your money and time. I would give zero stars if I could.
I am unable to understand. Way too difficult for anyone new to spanish learning. Kindly unenroll me from ur other cours as i am unable to do it manually.
Not for beginners.  Jumps right in with very little teaching just an HTML app that is poor and glitches.  I signed up for Babbel instead.
As someone who speaks Spanish but doesn't have anyone to practice with, I figured I'd give this course a go as a refresher. For me, this course was okay - I already had the necessary background. However, for a beginner, this course is just bewildering - the tests involve an extensive vocabulary in Spanish, which is never covered in the modules preceding them. I understand that designing language courses is hard, especially those that are completely online. However, these mistakes are rather basic, I think. Don't use words in tests that you haven't explained before. It's that simple. Don't test me on grammar rules that you haven't bothered to cover. These are the sort of courses that turn people off from learning new languages. Please, revise the course if your intention is to give people access to a new language.
Supposedly, this is a free course. I applied to have financial aids, it was accepted. I finished the course and then ! I had to pay to get the certificate. This was not even mentioned in any of the e-mails I have received.
My husband is a fluent Spanish speaker & I asked for help understanding the material and he even said this is to advanced. There were some things he didn’t even know. He was born in Vera Cruz, MX.
The level of teaching is okay but the task and exams are very tricky.. highly recommended not for beginners who doesn't know anything about Spanish
THIA COURSE WAS ADVERTISED AS FREE, THEN MY CC UNEXPECTED GOT CHARGED!
it was not helpful. i can was not able to pronounce  the word
not very helpful instructor. every thing we have to google. the content where the instructor speeks is veeeeerryyyyyyyy little.
In my opinion, the course is not really for a beginner level. I have been studying Spanish for quite sometime, so I can easily answer the quizzes, etc. The major drawbacks for me include: the fast lectures which I don't think someone without a background knowledge of Spanish grammar and vocabulary can keep up, and the peer-graded review that is dependent on the 'learners' who also do not have yet the correct knowledge in grammar, diction and vocabulary. In this course, I submitted a video, a paper but a learner poorly graded my score, he just put 0- did not upload any video (even if I obviously have it), which is, for me, a little unfair. Anyway, I know my specific level of Spanish so I am just using this to review. Overall, it is just good for a review if you have a A2-B1 level of Spanish.
There is good information in the course but so much of it is embedded in tables in videos. There are numerous tables of conjugations you need to memorize but none of them are available in text format. I ended up having to pause video and take snapshots of the screen.Also, be aware that after you finish the course you will continue to be charged for it. You must unsubscribe to the course even after you've finished.
You should include how students can learn vocabularies more. Therefore, you make a platform which enables us to memorizes the vocabularies.
it is very confusing. Instructions are in spanish and its hard to understand without english translations
I am finding the material a bit confusing... I do not' know why they have to make learning so difficult.
No tutor is available. Discussion form is dead. You can ask question but you will never get the answer.
It is not really suitable for beginners. The course speaker and course videos are fast paced.
Questions and the Practice Tests were much more difficult than what was being taught.
Quite difficult. Some of the exercises don't have proper explanations.
Generally speaking I think the course content is good, but I rated this course average because of three main reasons.1).  I think a little more effort to organize the material would go a long way.  For example, the grammar presentations refer to new vocabulary words that were not introduced in the vocabulary list, and the vocabulary exams refer to content in the grammar section. It would be nice if the curriculum were designed so that you could study the vocabulary, take the vocabulary exam, then review the grammar and leverage what you learned in the vocabulary section to re-enforce your learning.2).  I also think that some of the topics deserve additional clarifications, and the presentations themselves are very short.  I appreciate the length of the presentations when reviewing the presentations to refresh my memory, but difficult concepts sometimes require more attention than they are given.  In some cases, it seems as though an elegant choice of words to describe a difficult concept is more important than taking the time to deconstruct that concept into simple phrases.3).  Lastly, there are errors in the presentations and exams, and little to no involvement from the professor to clarify points and/or correct those issues.  I have noticed comments from students who have reported the same issues for the past two years, and those issues are still not corrected.  I used to comment on the message boards for clarifications and to report errors, but after getting zero responses from the professor I stopped participating.Conclusion:Overall, I think it's a good course - it provides a good structure for learning the Spanish language despite the above shortcomings.  Although they appear very simple to address, I see the same shortcomings exhibited by every course in the series.
I was a bit disappointed from this course. The amount of material to learn in three weeks is way too much for what is supposed to be a “beginner course” for the language. I wasn’t able to catch on as quick as I had hoped. I also wish that the course would pronounce the vocabulary more often rather than just conjugations. The professor was alright and pretty easy to understand. The amount of peer review was nice too. I hope my review stands out as one that can help the course be improved on. Thank you!
I have finished 'auditing' the course. the course is a very good start. It is not that difficult. I like everything in this course. the only thing I dislike about the course is as an audit student of the course, I can not take the last quiz of each week; I can read the questions though. That was the only draw-back; other than that, the course is highly recommended. I made a vocabulary list of this course in the following link: https://tinycards.duolingo.com/collections/ypWB5Hv/meeting-people
This was great practice for me, as I already knew a lot of Spanish. It was a good way for me to earn about the grammar more systematically. However, if someone knew very little or no Spanish at all, they would have a VERY difficult time doing the practice exercises. There are a lot of phrases in the exercises which you are supposed to figure out using context clues, but are never completely defined in the course.
Overall course was good and I found this pretty easy because I've been learning Spanish with Duolingo around past 2 months. But this course need to make amends because If a person without knowing a single word of Spanish how would he be able to do this. This course is not meant for beginners.But this course really helped me in polishing my Spanish speaking and writing skills.
Learning experience is good. The thing which is bad in this course is that the questions of the assignments.. There are number of questions in the assignment which is tough for a beginner. Moreover the assignments should be reviewed by some experts instead of some beginners like me.
Very well structured, and easy to follow. Good practice exercises.Unfortunately, we must pay the course subscription for all the noted quizzes and even the peer review assignment. It makes it a bit expensive for an entry-level course.
The first part was pretty confusing. I was previously taught the basics of Spanish back in highschool and a little more in college yet for the first test I was lost. Other than that I think its an easy course and good for beginners.
the course is too fast for a beginner to learn a new language.The content in video is not sufficient to learn the pronunciation and vocabulary of Spanish.But overall it can be appreciated with the examples shown.
The amount of time spent on the various grammar rules is really short. There could be more examples, and a few more sentences of the professor to let the theory stick. It is really minimal now.
The course is not suitable for beginners.
Eh, not great to be honest.
this is not for beginers.
The course is good. But I think the peer grading assignment is unfair. Some peers downgrade you just because they have an opportunity to review someone and for their own guilty pleasure of letting others down. I respected the criterion of the assessment however one of the peers gave absolute dishonest review and unnecessarily deducted marks.
I saw a few typos and missing translations in the English transcripts. One minor issue in a quiz/test.
I found the course very helpful in terms of vocabulary and grammar and I will continue practicing with it. There are a few errors here and there that need to be corrected in the quizzes and such. The main issue is that while it is billed as a vocabulary course, and starts with simple concepts, it is more of an intermediate than a beginner course for someone who has never studied a foreign language before. It is more like a course for padding out your vocabulary and practicing grammatical constructions than a language learning course.
It's a good course and I like that Professor Blake is not a native speaker because it shows how an American speaker can have good pronunciation and accent in a reachable way.  Three things would make the course better for me -- 1. If there were more and more specialized exercises for each top, 2. If the exercises were placed next to the corresponding videos so that I could master one area before moving on to the next topic, and 3. If I could see the translation of the Perspectivas after completing the questions that follow.
Very good for the opportunity to learn speaking exercises because you have to combine sentences together in order to make the language easier to understand. The grammar here is also amazing. I am at the beginner-intermediate level and before this course and I still learned a lot from this class. The only downside is that they had a confusing quiz model that I never could figure out.
Good content, videos and quizzes. Introduces a substantial amount of vocabulary. I believe the course would be better if there were either practices (i.e. not quizzes) or guidance on where to go for practice. Unfortunately, a lot of learning a new language is lots of practice listening, pronouncing and conjugating verbs.
The class is perfect for beginner! I love the perspective section where we can immerse ourselves into Spanish rooted culture. The only thing that I find as problem is task submission for peer grading in which  peers can't access each other's video links and documents thus leading to lower peer grading grade.
Good for beginner, but I got a little difficulty when joined this course. My suggest for new learners who never learn Spanish language should learn a little basic vocabulary and greeting in Spanish before take this course. Overal this is good course for people who want to learn Spanish language.
I loved it!  Enjoyed the class and the direction it took.  Very creative class.  For me it seemed to be positive and upbeat.  I needed some major help as this was my very first Spanish class.  I could use some explanation on some more rules for verbs.  But overall it was great!
Absolutely a wonderful course for beginners who want to understand Spanish and want to speak fluently. The teacher Robert Blake ok is wonderful, makes you understand the vocabulary and the course material easily.
it is a great lesson! But i hope there are more instructions to help us memorize the vocabularies. Also, it will be better if the grammar part can be lengthened and spend more time, give more examples.
I think it was one of the best courses I have pursued. I just feel there should English translation for spanish questions in the quiz for week 1as it is difficult to comprehend in the beginning
This course was very helpful for someone who has never been exposed to a lot of Spanish.  It was also easily understandable for someone who does not speak English as a first language.
it is a well structured course. But it definitely not for absolute beginner . For absolute beginner start by pronouncing the Spanish alphabet before moving on the AR IR tener verb.
I've learned how to introduce myself and speak a few sentences with proper grammar in the language Spanish. The course help in expanding your vocabulary and widens your perspective
The peer review assignment killed my grade (93.9%) because someone decided to just rate the entire thing zero. Overall, a good course, but make grade corrections available.
I enjoyed taking my 1st course in speaking Spanish, the Teacher Dr. Blake has been very instructive and has enable me to progress to a level I thought I would not attain.
The course is fairly well designed and you can learn a lot, but the evaluation method of being rated by peers is far from perfect and can lead to very faulty evaluations.
This was a pretty good introduction to beginning Spanish. As with any new language, the audio portions were quite difficult. All in all, I felt like I got a good start.
It was a very good experience . I communicated with different people and we reviewed assignements to each other which was a new and fun way of learning. thank you!
Thorough with the method of teaching. However, could use practice exercises where the student translates full sentences from English to Spanish and visa versa.
Lots of information, had some experience with Spanish with already so it made it easier. If it was first Spanish class I would have really struggled.
Some parts of this set up are consuming, and there are too many short videos.  I think videos should be combined in to thorough lessons.
Really a good course to get a basic understanding of Spanish. Can include longer videos containing more examples on how to use a verb
I enjoyed doing this course. Enjoyable to Interact with other person around the world. It really helped me getting my spanish basics.
Quite easy to comprehend for beginners. I feel confident of reading Spanish text & listening to simple conversations.
Need little help of google to understand this course fully. But as a beginner, this course was just what I needed.
As a beginner i felt there maybe should have been a more basic vocabulary introduction, but overall a good course.
The quizzes sometimes are too rigid. Not allowing a tiny mistake such as punctuation or capital error differences
This is a great course to learn basic Spanish, but I think it would be better to introduce more about grammars
i just started, so that's why 4 stars, but i am really happy with what i am finding here. Highly recommended.
It was a very good course. Now, I know basic Spanish Vocabulary and how to write it in the most easy way.
I learned a lot in this lesson that I didn't learn from Duolingo. Thank you so much for the opportunity.
It was a rigorous but fun course. Definitely the first step towards specialization in the language!
I can understand basic conversation and I can talk and form small sentences. Very good for a start.
I hope you included simple phrases, greetings and ways on how to construct sentences. Thank you:)
Very good course to start but would need more oral from the trainee to make it fully successful
Very helpful and well structured course, thank you. I will keep learning Spanish with you :-)
This is probably biased because I think i would absorb more in a brick and mortar school.
Great course and certainly for a previously completely non-Spanish speaker, a challenge.
Mostly good, but wish there were more exercises using key verbs and pronoun usage.
The course is excellent to learn new words and general rules in spanish language
It was a great experience of learning with the University of California, Davis.
Please add some more small sentence having estar and ser verb for practice
This course gave me a clear picture of vocabulary of spanish langauge.
It have been a great experience. thanks for the greet course.
Had good time learning and yes some more to explore .......
It was FUN learning - and that is the most important thing!
grammer section should be given more time and practice
The testing of vocabulary should be more encompassing
Teaching and the course materials are very helpful
It was a great experience to learn Spanish.
videos are very helpful for any beginner
Great course for beginners... Bravo!!
Thankyou Coursera Spanish team.
I have enjoyed this course.
its a good way to learn
informative it was!!!!
Very well explined
Good for basic
Although it took me a while to warm to the idea of doing peer review exercises, and having to video record and upload work, actually I think this is an important part of the course and really useful.
I'd give 4.5 but it's not available, so went with 5 :) The course is really useful, but in forums, even though the administrators encourage to communicate with one another, learners are not that eager to communicate.  And the major part of language learning is communication!  If you don't use what you've learned and don't listen to others, the learning process stretches and you tend to forget some words here and there.  Perhaps making 5% of the whole course requirement to be on forums and communicate with others, not just keep posting your paragraphs that you were required as an assignment. Thanks to the professor and the administration!
Such a great course, with a very good professor Mr. Robert Blake, all the thanks to him and to the University of California, Davis for this great opportunity... don't hesitate to start the course !!
The course is very useful with good structure and enables you to be greatly engaged and learn fast and with ease. Keep in mind that also it is necessary to combined it with other learning activity.
This course is perfect for people looking to learn a new language. A lot depends on your enthusiasm to learn but the clarity offered in this course regarding the basics of Spanish is unparalleled.
The course is amazing! The best one I have seen till now. The videos are short and helpful. Dr. Blake explains slowly and carefully. It is worth the time and effort! Thank you!
This can serve as a very good starting point for learning basic Spanish, especially for those who are self-learners. It is carefully organized and novice-friendly. I really like the Perspectivas section, where I get to witness real native Spanish speakers. I think you just need lots of dedication for you to succeed in this course. I give this basic Spanish course 5/5.
Excellent introduction to Spanish vocabulary and grammar. Realistic scenarios and examples are provided with amazing opportunities for practice. One of the best language MOOCS available!
The pace for this course is FAST. Expect 50-75 vocabulary words (including congugations) in week 2-4. Including time to make flash cards and practice memorization of the words, I spent +/- 5 hours a week on this course. BUT - if you're willing to put in the work, this course is AMAZING. I was able to hold basic conversations and understand others after the first two weeks; something I had tried on my own for years! A college education at $39/month? THANK YOU, COURSERA!
Such a great course, with a very good professor Mr. Robert Blake, all the thanks to him and to the University of California, Davis for this great opportunity... don't hesitate to start the course !!
Perfect introductory Spanish course - well structured material and good delivery. It would be great to see more advanced Spanish courses from this university or something geared towards DELE exam.
Hola!  First of all, I want to thank you for having granted an exemption to access or cous of Spanish. This course is very special and genuine in the way of transmitting information, it allowed me to develop and learn a lot in such a short period. thank you very much and I recommend you very favorably. Best regards.
Excellent course! Thing I loved: When using practice/review tools, full sentences and questions are written in Spanish. I find this very helpful, since it forces you to process the language beyond just vocab words and makes you read in context. Absolutely loved it. Excited to continue with the full specialization!
In this course I was able to learn how to communicate in the best way in Spanish, learning to introduce myself, to talk about myself, about my family, to develop a conversation talking about the weather. And I learned to conjugate verbs and a lot about the grammar of the language. It was very rewarding!
It's easy and clear to understand, the lecturer explained everything very well! This course further ignites my interest to continue learning Spanish. A perfect and fun course for Spanish beginners.
Really loved this course. I already started learning the basics before enrolling for this course, but still I found this course really useful. I'll definitely finish all the courses in this series.
Learning Spanish through coursera was a nice experience. The guidelines were quite clear. The course was designed in good way so that student can find learning more interesting.
This first class was awesome. I like that we had a project at the end where we could show what we learned. Also, the scaffolding is good with regard to the quiz results; this helped me figure out what I needed to review before returning to retake them. Additionally, I really liked the vocabulary drills; by putting words into sentences, this helped me to create greater meaning for them  (I combined the words and their descriptions with que es/que son), while the images were also very helpful in making some sense of the verbs. What's good about this class, too, is that we get to see many sentence examples. So I was really excited with what this class offered and I felt that I actually learned a little Spanish!
Well, let me be very clear here. Even though it says "Beginners level" If you do not have any exposure to Spanish before probably this course is not for you. Also, many vocabulary in the practice/exercise sections are not given before, so you have to use outside materials to get hold of that. But if you have a little exposure in Spanish, like if you completed checkpoint 1 in Duolingo or something like that, this course will be great for you. Another suggestion is that do not hurry to finish, learn the vocabulary by heart by finishing the practices multiple times. It helps. Gracias.
Very useful course! It covers some of the basic topics that will allow to talk about yourself, a family, body and weather.  I liked the structure of the course. Grammar explanations are provided in a clear and comprehensible manner. What I like the most is that course includes some videos with native speakers talking. Therefore, it enables you to listen to Spanish accents and dialects from diverse cultures and backgrounds. I highly recommend this course of study to anyone interested in learning Spanish.
Really informative course about the basics of Spanish vocabulary. Understood the basics very well. They were explained in a very lucid manner by the teacher Mr.Robert Blake. The training modules and exercises were very vital in providing me with the proper hands-on experience of working out and solving questions related to the topic. I had a wonderful time learning from this course and look to learn more from the upcoming courses in this specialization
Although this course is named "vocabulary" it was more difficult than I had expected.   I did learn a lot. The exercises where you had to match the words with the ideas were the most challenging.  I wasn't able to get any of the special characters on my computer.  For all written assignments I had to copy the assigment and make changes to it.  That took me a while to figure that out.  I will be moving on to course II.  Thank you!
This course is the first stepping stone towards learning and mastering Spanish. Dr. Robert Blake is an exceptional teacher. He broke down complex grammar rules, made them seem simpler and always has a motivational tone to his speech which sub consciously drives learners to sincerely invest their time into learning. I am thrilled to enroll for the second course as well, in this specialization. Yo quiero aprender más.
It was an excellent course, especially for the beginners. I would recommend this course to all the beginners, as it feeds you with the required vocabulary and grammar, a new comer should possess when in contact with a foreign language. It is not always easy to deal with any foreign language without taking any efforts. Continuous and through practice is only the way to learn Spanish in an efficient way.
The course completed with my practical sessions. The rules to be used were well explained. This helped me understand better and I personally feel I am improving it. Initially, I was not feeling so motivated as there were no proper guidelines to use vocabulary and grammar. After this class, I am now having a better understand and really motivated to progress.
Firstly, I would like to thank Coursera for such a good learning Platform for everyone. It has been a great experience learning Spanish language. Lots of respect! I would like to thank Dr Robert Blake sir for such a simple explanation throughout the Course and i really liked it. Thank you!!!
I've been looking for a holistic course that would push me in every area of language learning - reading, writing, listening and speaking. This course does that. The exercises, the modular format, and even the dreaded submission at the end of the course, all provide plenty of practice.
It's a great course for Spanish learners and also for more experienced speakers to review the basics. There's a lot of material so my one complaint is that complete beginners might get overwhelmed and need more than one week to understand the material and memorize all the words.
The most enjoyable course i ever did. This way my first course on courseera and definitelty course era has gained my trust on the content of the courses. I was always curious about what's next in the course.Thankyou so much.I will be joining the further courses as well.
It was really an understandable and efficient course to learn spanish vocabulary. I really learned a lot of things in this course. They actually give a lot of knowledge through this course about grammar, how to talk, pronounciations and everything. I really liked it.
Very good introduction to Spanish. For those people who speak romance languages like spanish, you'll probably feel that many things are already similar, so you'll need a different approach on learning the concepts. It's still a great course, and I recommend it.
this course is fantastic .easy to memorise the translation process and very nice tutor ,loved it, his teaching style and all, also loved the scripted text under the video.overall it is fabulous and one who want to start speaking spanish just go for this now..
It was great learning experience. It is not easy to learn a new language but the well structured course made the tough job a bit easier. The course has done a wonderful job teaching us, now its our turn to keep practicing to be a fluent speaker. Thank you.
I have taken quite a bit of Spanish classes through the years. This one really makes me feel as though I can finally achieve my goal of speaking Spanish. It is not easy but the way this course is laid out, helped me learn so much in a short period of time.
I loved it from A to Z. Professor Blake structures and synthesizes well the different building blocks of the Spanish Grammar. The flow of the curriculum with a good mix of Q&A, various tests, videos worked perfectly for me. Can't wait to start module 2.
Thank you for this course! It is very well structured and contains all necessary words and grammar rules for beginners. It was really easy to learn basics by these videos. I would recommend it to all who wants to start learning Spanish from scratch.
I have messed around with Spanish speaking apps unsuccessfully for years. This course brought a lot of that unpolished and disorganized information together to create a real understanding of basic conjugation and grammar. I recommend this course.
Hola! Muchas gracias, Coursera and UC Davis for this opportunity to learn new language. It was a tough challenge before I have completed the course. And I am so happy and grateful for the people behind this online program. I have learned a lot.
Having 5 semesters of college Spanish under my belt (10 years ago!), this was a great refresher course. I think it would be a bit too advanced for a true beginner, but it's exactly what I wanted to help me get on track to being fluent one day!
This course was very interesting for me. I ve never  thought that I can learn spanish or talk with it. Now I can introduce myself to others and  talk about my family. Also I ve learned a lot of vocabulary and grammar. Thanks a lot
This is a very basic course, and it draws you into more complicated areas without even you knowing it.  This is one course I would recommend for anyone who wants to gain a good, solid base to learn this beautiful language.
It's very nice to enroll your course. Now am able to speak in spanish. Make small introduction. My vocabulary is also increased because of your online website. Overall its been a great exprience to enroll this course.
Very well made course,full of examples and recorded videos of people who speaks freely spanish.The grammar and the exercise activities,highlighting the pronunciation interactive exercise are very good and well-tought
i LOVE THIS COURSE ,THANK YOU DR.BLAKE AND UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA,DAVIS.MY SPANISH IS IMPROVED NOW.NOT TOO HARD FOR EVERYONE .THEY SSTRTING FROM THE BASIC.WHICH I  ABLE TO COMPLETE WITHIN 7 DAYS.MUCHAS GRACIAS !
This is a very well structured course for beginners, The quizzes and assignments are well-studied ad serve their purpose as well as the materials. I loved it and I will surely recommend it to any Spanish learner!
I appreciate the way the course has been designed. It is so accurate that even a beginner can feel happy. Sometimes I definitely felt lost but Prof. Blake's explanations and repeated video watching helped.
That's not the first time I have started learning Spanish and I have really enjoyed the course!Very interesting lessons, they don't take much time + good practice. I am on my way to get the specialisation.
Hola! Mi nombre es Allan. This basic course is very helpful. I have learned a lot of new vocabulary words at the same time learned how spanish grammar structure forms. Gracias UC Davis!
What a tremendous course it was!...I've so enjoy & fun to learn Spanish... its creat more thirst in my mind & obviously it is solved by drinking Spanish vocabulary.. ☺☺Gracias mucho!!
The teacher is great! I loved the course, the information given was a good way to repeat what I already knew and still get some new knowledge. A very useful and interactive course.
This is very useful course to learn foundations of Spanish language. thank you so much. (Hola, Este curso muy útil para aprender fundamentos de la lengua española. Muchas gracias).
Very good class ! Learned a lot of vocabulary and grammar and feel better with the spanish language now.I like the quizz we need to submit and the way this course is constructed.
The instructor is very well versed with the language and knows how to impart the knowledge pretty well. Had a good time doing the quizes and assignments and learnt quite a lot!
Really helps for the beginners who has some prior  knowledge about Spanish, For abslute beginners. It will be a tough one, Nice tutor, Good understanding, Strongly recommended.
I have been teaching myself Spanish for a while, but am finding gaps in my vocabulary and grammar.  I am taking this class to fill in those gaps.  I think it's really useful.
I like this course for an online course. It is learning on several levels. I have only one complaint. There needs to be more opportunities to hear and speak the language.
I only audited this course, but I think the lessons are made very professional and interesting. They helped me big time to finally start learning Spanish!  :) Thank you!
The course was very well-structured and I could learn quite a lot.  It was very hard to me but it was very helpful. I want to follow learning.
Thank you, teacher.
Dr. Blake is one of the best Professors in the country. I hope to personally meet him one day. He is awesome. Coursera must retain him for the rest of his life.
This is a great course for those who are wanting to expand their knowledge and become a more valuable commodity both in business and in personal communication.
Just awesome. A Spanish enthusiast like me found this course very engaging and beginner-friendly. Thanks to Dr Robert Blake for this course.Highly Recommended
The course is good. It exposes you to the essential Spanish vocabulary. It also teaches you how to conjugate; which is essential for any Latin-based language.
I have learnt so many vocabularies, grammars and specially I have learnt how to talk and how to write when I am not that expert at this. Thank you very much.
Very clear and easy to follow. A little note: sometimes in the exams there are bits that are explained later in the course. That said, I really enjoyed it.
I have thou roughly enjoyed this course even though it has been a little fast for me to keep up with the work required. It is very methodical and concise.
I really liked the course, it was rich of vocabularies and grammars which helped me a lot ... going to enroll the next course from this specialisation.
Excellent and Amazing Course for those who start to learn Spanish! Clear explanations, challenging tasks and objective evaluation! Really recommend!
Great course. Practical. However, peer-reviews are not good enough as it sounds. Some just provide empty sheets and no, broken links. It is unfair.
It is a nice course with reasonable settings. I've compared the Spanish courses on several MOOCs platforms. This one is definitely the best choice.
Great beginner course for those who have never had any spanish or very little. Lots of material for ongoing study well beyond the course timeline.
Just completed the first course and I am happy with the progress I made.  The study materials were good.  I am looking forward to the next course.
I really liked the methodology of this course, with videos and tests that stimulate learning and do not leave it tedious and only theoretical.
I am really enjoying this class. It's really help with specking the language. Great insight in details to make you a better speaker. Love it!
I really appreciated the Spanish course and the techniques. I will keep up with the course as soon as I overcome my difficulties.Best Regards
An amazing beginner introduction to the language. The course is very well structured with various assignments and tests to assess yourself.
This is an exceptional course.  I learned so much in just 3 weeks.  Much more than I learned by using Babel. The instructor is top notch!
Great learning in a Short Span of time. Strongly recommend it, for quick tips on the Spanish Vocabulary and basic conversation skills.
Very useful course  and specialization in general! I got closer to my dream: learn Spanish! Thank You very much for this opportunity!
This is a great course. I learned so much and well explained by Professor Dr. Robert Blake. Thank you Coursera and Dr. Robert Blake .
This was my first course in Spanish and I really learnt much on a good efficient way. Thank you and I'll go on with learning Spanish.
I wanna say this course is a little bit difficult for the beginners but it's very useful if you can dedicate your time to learning.
Now i think i will be able to speak with any spanish speaking person, this course helped me a lot, thank you UC Davis and Coursera!
Great course, very interactive and lots of information. Well structured and easy to navigate, looking forward to more courses!
It was a quick course but they give you everything you need to know to complete the course if you are willing to work for it.
Courses adapted for people who have learnt Spanish 1 or 2 years in School. It's not boring and motiviating enough to pursue.
I knew a little Spanish already but I couldn't write a complete sentence. Now I can write paragraphs too after this course!
It is a great opportunity to learn basic communication in Spanish. Topics are well distributed and course design is great!
Thank you! I personally benefitted a lot from this course. Very good, easy to follow, and comprehensive course over all.
Amazing introductory course! I strongly recommend it to anyone who's a complete beginner. Muchas gracias por este curso!
A course that helped me to start talking on basic topics! Thank you! Everything was very easy to understand and exciting
A detailed and well-made course that has brought my back to understanding the language of my familial roots. Muy Feliz!
Excellent course, I knew basic Spanish, learning this course improved my understandings, grammer, way of speaking.
This course builds the foundation and leaves you with a firm grip over the technicalities of the Spanish language.
Very useful course, but you need to practice more and more out of this course to catch everything in this course.
I am very pleased with my progress on this course. I intend to complete all the other courses in this series
This is a great course, it helped me to start Spanish, if there are more examples it would be betterGracias!
It was an awesome course ,by doing this course ,I learn about Spanish will is helpful in my future thanku .
Thanks for the great opportunity that you gave us to learn such an amazing language with amazing professors
Course is really nice and helpfull, a little bit intensive but its okay if you want to learn new language
The course is well structured. It was useful for me as a beginner in Spanish to learn some basic things.
This course was really interesting. I always wanted to learn a new language and this was very helpful.
I think the guide should include spanish preposition in the course as he asked us to write about us .
Thankful to Professor Robert. A good course for the beginners who wish to learn Spanish ! Gracious !
course has covered sufficient material to understand and learn about people and places in spanish
For the beginners, it is the best online platform to learn Spanish with compelling and accuracy.
Thank you so much for this course . I learn something  new and i am very happy. thank you again.
Love the course so far it has given me a great outlook on the journey to begin speaking Spanish.
Wonderful course! Learnt the basics of Spanish and can speak a bit now, thanks to this course.
This course definitely makes you put in use your HOTs in a very engaging and informative way.
Awesome course...best instructor Overall a great course to learn both grammar and vocabulary.
i really recomand this course to everyone who want to learn Spanish in a funny effective way
This is an amazing course to learn Spanish, the teaching is simple and easy ¡Vamos a ello!
it was a nice experience. I learnt the basics of the Spanish language. thank you very much
MORE INTERACTIVE INTERFACE COULD BE USED FOR LEARNING LIKE USED BY DUOLINGO AND OTHER APPS
good for basic learning spanish, And I little know about introduce my self for beginner.
This course is been planned nicely inorder to get someone to ace the basics of Spanish!
very much useful to learn spanish easily from coursera. they thought everything clearly
The course is very well paced and encourages the learner to make efforts by himself too
I love taking this course at my own pace. Very easy to follow with clear instructions!
This a very good course, we learn the writting and the soeaking in a very good method
Good structure, and useful important words. Grammar explained clearly and made easy.
This is really good, I could learn and improve my spanish.Thank you for this class!
I like the structure of the course! easy to follow, a lot of examples and practice.
Well structured and an excellent (re)introduction to some essential basics. Thanks!
The course was amazing. It really helped learning Spanish at an introductory level.
I'm very satisfied! I learned a lot of new vocabulary and improve spanish grammar.
really love it, thx coursera for  UC Davis extension, for this amazing experience.
I loved it.  Thank you Coursera, for allowing me to be a part of Spanish Course 1.
Very informative and helpful! Getting my Spanish speaking skilling back up to par.
Very useful basic course, I think I will continue with the next ones! Thank you
Amazing! In a simple way, you can have a good base about the Spanish Language.
very productive courses that helps to get intergated to  hispanophone studies
It would be better if there was a specific grammar course on sentence making.
This course is made a lot easier with the simple videos and accurate notes.
The videos are helpful and the exercises and perspectivas are very useful .
I think that it was a rather engaging course. I had a great time doing it.
the course was really helpful in learning. I enjoyed alot while learning.
Great pacing, easy to follow.  Learned a ton!  Really enjoyed the course.
It's a great weekend I have spend on learning something new and exciting
I loved was very helpful to start learning, anxious for the next level.
The course was full of informations and i had so much fun Thank you all
The course is clearly structured. It's easy to follow the instructions.
I like this course very much because everything is explain very clear.
above all expectations! I'm so grateful for you Dr. Robert  Thank you.
Amazing course! Dr. Blake uses the best methodology to teach Spanish.
The teaching was very nice. And the provided material were also good.
It is a wonderful course I learned a lot and I want to keep on going.
This is a very good course with a lot of explanation and exercises.
really it's very useful class and have joy to way how he teach you.
Helpful course to develop oneself and for building a strong Resume.
Learned so much. I definitely can hold a conversation in Spanish !
Excellent refresher course are great starting point for beginners.
It is very educative and i loved the process of learning spanish.
I have learnt oral and written skills in this pandemic situation
Great course, it was concluded all the information for beginner.
Well organized course, with nice exercises to test what learned!
The course was very fast but helpful. The examples helped, too.
Very
well-organized course! Thank you, professor Robert Blake!
Perfect to understand the right step by step to learn spanish.
Most important thing is flexibility that i have got entirely.
It is a helpful course. I learned a lot by doing this course.
An well designed course with very effective learning methods.
Got a hang of Beginner's Spanish lessons! Very useful course.
very nice course , i would highly recommend it to the others
Thanks a lot. It was a pleasure to take part in this course.
Great course! Well explained and thorough. Highly recommend!
Great opportunity to learn Spanish on a easy and simple way!
Thanks a million. You have no idea how you changed my life.
This course was helpful in learning the sapnish language.
Concise without being precise. Outstanding piece of work!
Little bit difficult but wonderfully adventurous course.
Good start for language learningThanks to the professor.
This is very good course for who begins to learn Spanish
Thank you so much, its one of the best learning site:-)
simple but very informative and such a good instructor
This was absolutely great experience! (¡Vamos a ello!)
Thank you for our teacher for information and lessons.
Thank you! It was interesting and exciting experience.
This course is easy to follow and very well organized.
never thought that learning Spanish would be so easy.
Best place to learn Spanish from, alongside Duolingo.
easy to follow with great resources to practice more
A great way to start learning the basics of Spanish.
Really it was an amazing course. Thank you so much !
Great so far! Can’t wait to start the second course.
robert blake's vammos ello made complete this course
Great way to begin your journey with this language!
The course is well-structured and very interesting.
that was a really good course and a perfect teacher
Great Course. Can not wait to start the second one.
Very nice course for beginners to spanish language
I had a great time learning the basics of Spanish.
very useful course for a beginner to learn spanish
very nice course, wonderful teacherthanks a lot !
This was an excellent Spanish vocabulary course.
Very interesting and dinamic course. I enjoyed !
It was a great, very educative and enthusiastic
Great course for beginners in Spanish Language.
Learned a lot. Great
Course. Thank you so much.
Thank you so much more these amazing lessons!
The best online course for Spanish beginners.
It was a wholesome course. Good for beginners
Its easy to understand and great help. Thanks
I thoroughly enjoyed this course.  Thank you.
Amazing course. Really interesting and easy.
Its a very good course for Spanish beginners
I LOVE THE TUTORIALS AND RESPECTED PROFESSOR
Helpful and a good introduction to Spanish
A new experience with this course learning
Nice course for someone who is new to it.
this is a very useful and helpful course.
Well explained. Specially use of grammer.
Excellent course for beginners in Spanish
very good explanation and well organised
very good course - at times challenging
Good source for introduction to Spanish
Amazing course for learning the basics.
For the beginners exactly what we need!
i like it it is a good base of Spanish
It was good and I learnt much things.
I really liked it and it helped me :)
Great course! Easy and fun to follow.
I really enjoyed taking this course.
Excellent Course. Thank you so much!
Dr. Robert Blake, a big thank you!
easy to understand = easy to learn
Very difficult for learn and speak
Great Course For Spanish Beginners
It is greate course for begginers
Love the way course is organized!
Excellent  course! Great teacher!
Excellent content and instructor
The course was easy to go with.
Great class overall, thank you.
Easy to learn and great content
It is unexpectively succesfull.
It was perfecto from all side!
simple and easy to understand
Very nice one! Thanks a lot!)
Very useful curse. Thank you!
Challenging yet achievable.
Great self teaching course.
Really Good Course must do.
Course was great thank you!
it was good and elaborative
Wonderful course. Thanks :)
Instructive and inspiring!
This course is amazing!!!
the best thing i ever did
best course very helpful
Really useful program
Good and Interesting.
Good beginners course
I loved this course
Good Practice work
Thank you Davis.
nice learning.
its a good one
This is a very
Good teaching
was fun
