Instructor seems not to have written or read the script prior to recording - stumbling over her words is distracting and reduces learner comprehension. No way to practice coding with feedback in the module. Practice exercises at the end of the module include no feedback, hints, or examples - it may as well be a test. I stopped after two weeks - I was wasting my time.
There is virtually no assistance from staff regarding the numerous clarifications necessary to even understand the last assignment (peer-review), and I'm pretty sure we didn't go over correlation and/or regression in the course, let alone hypothesis testing.I'm pretty sure I won't be able to finish the course at all considering the plethora of uncorrected problems plaguing the course. I recommend that this class be evaluated for quality assurance.I am not the only student experiencing problems with this assignment. The forums for week 4 are teeming with unanswered questions regarding the assignment and its unclarity. I recommend contacting UCD and telling them that they really need to solve the problems with the class.Best,-CS
many of the quiz problems are poorly constructed!   We are told after the fact "ohh... we forgot to tell you the value is a string, so you need to fix that field before attempting the min/max we are asking for." Design a better course!!!!  Going to EdX SQL class instead which uses the DataCamp back end!
This is such an important course yet there is no adequate room for practice. The lectures are pretty straight forward with very minimal examples. The quizzes are like diving into the lake learning how to swim from YouTube. Just like showing us in the class that two plus two is four then asking us to calculate the mass of the sun in the exam. What is the point of doing the course and learn most of the materials and get fluent from numerous other sites by myself? This course needs immense improvements. It did waste a lot of time for me given I have done numerous courses on this platform. I would suggest the other learners to refrain from enrolling in this course until University of California, Davis makes necessary amendments for this course with proper guidance and materials.  Even if you do get enrolled, learn how to swim from YouTube and practice swimming on the floor beforehand. Best of luck.
Fortunately, this was not my first introduction to SQL, or I would have been unable to complete the final assignment, or even some of the modular quizzes. There is almost no hands-on learning, just talking head videos where the instructor doesn't even show you the actual coding syntax for many of the examples. Nothing builds or is linked together conceptually. And the SQLite interface is very limited, so when it comes to the over-complicated final assignment you have to perform coding backflips to get anything meaningful out of the appalling dataset. I cannot recommend this course to anyone.
Could you please give at least  ***ONE EXAMPLE*** for each function introduced in lecture videos???At week 3 & 4, more complex functions/features were introduced with ***JUST CODES, NO SAMPLE OUTPUT***!? How do you expect me to know what the output would be?   You may say I could run the code and to it myself, I learn better that way. True, BUT it is the situation of "1-minute job for you, but 10-minute job for me". You are leveling up the bar of who can benefit from the course - this should not be the case for beginner level course!
The course was not easy to understand. Because the lessons were not sufficient enough to understand the questions in quiz and final exams. I think if all the things are described in a more elaborate fashion with a lot of examples it would be easy for the learners. Actually in this course I've to relay more on google and internet rather than my course lessons which was very disappointing. I personally think this course is not for a beginner student who really wants to learn about sql.
The Course examples were very little. Demonstration of new commands while teaching them would've been very helpful. But, there were little to no examples related to the teaching materials. There were gaps in concepts that required further reading to understand. Some syntaxes were used before being taught.
I can't pay for the course to get certificate. The free 7 days subscriptions never ends. So I can't send the tests to get results and get the certificate.. Lost a lot of time... Too bad
This course is incredibly poorly designed and does not provide sufficient guidance to learn SQL.
Most of the command line does not work.
The course is overall very high in quality and I found it really useful. The teacher explains the concepts really well and the exercises are very good. I really found joy doing the final course assignment. However, I feel that I got tricked into paying one more month of subscription, seconds after I paid for another month, I did receive the course certificate. I submitted the peer graded assignment one week ago. My plan was to continue with the other courses in this specialisation but after my experience with this subscription/payment philosophy, I will not discontinue and look for other online platforms with a better customer experience for me. Thank you nonetheless for the high quality of this course, I am certain many learners find the material extremely helpful, as did I.
Terrible and frustrating. My previous knowledge was literally zero, so I did learn something at the end,but the lectures are poor and  non stimulating at all. Worst of  all, the exercises are awful.  Most of the time the task is not clear, there are no example to guide you and the material given in the lectures are most of the time totally useless. I felt very frustrated. Not a completely waste of time, but I would never recommend this course to anyone.  I really wanted to learn something, but everything was against it.  I speak to the creator of this class, seriously try to do this course pretending you are new to this topic. I will be clear it is very very very bad designed.
The first two weeks were easy to follow along with. Unfortunately after that the course was severely lacking. There were not good explanations of things and new things would be added in that hadn’t been covered. When you post questions the mentors aren’t much help and the students will try to answer if they can. There’s also no way to practice. I also would’ve found it nice to see the tables they were pulling their “examples” from. I had to use other resources to actually study and learn SQLite. I’m assuming the people who gave this course a high score are already familiar with SQLite and just wanted the certificate.
The course does go through the relevant topics. But the assignments and moderator attention (and quality of responses) are well below standards compared to other coursera courses. I would not recommend paying for this course, but rather just audit it. This way you will still get the material, but you won't have to go through the really bad and frustrating assignments (unclear/ambiguous/wrong wording).
Worst MOOC I fell across on web. Lot's of bugs in the assessment,  lot's of incompleteness, teacher does not go deep in subjects, ends with a peer review letting you no guarantee it will ever be review, certainly not within the Free Week. I feel like I lost a lot's more time then I should have for the content I learned, overall very frustrating experience.
Interesting course, it made me remember some things I learnt in college. Final assignment is too bad, simple queries for getting the info we are being asked to look, repetitive code to be implemented, a lot of ambiguity in the description of some points. I would call this course "SQL for newbies", or "First approach to SQL".
The course compared to other data science or programming classes I took was not effective in demonstrating how to use in a practical way the foundation of sql. No files were provided for exercises, exercises and lecture were read, no documents or link to install sql lite were provided. This is not a professional class.
Not enough in-course practice and they do not teach you how to install/use SQLite in your computer. I guess this course allows you to speak thoroughly about SQL more than it teaches how to use in real-world scenarios. Needs to improve.
Class work should be similar to the Final Assignment to cultivate thinking. Also, Solutions should be provided so that we can learn from mistakes. Coding for week4 has errors, this should be tested and fixed.
Many mistakes in the exercises. Content is so-so, at times it's too easy and at other times it skips over important subjects very quickly. Final assignment very unclear and the data set used is incomplete.
i don't recommend to take or purchase this course as it have some wrong information which force you to answer the quiz wrong to pass it. also the instructor sound to be not professional in teaching SQL.
U C Davis basics was unbelievably bad. It was the most terrible possible approach and the lecturer was all fluff. I have my doubts whether she has any any basic knowledge about the subject herself.
It does not worth it.  The tutor does not have any teaching skills and she is reading the text from the script all the time. In addition, the course is not practical! I would not recommend it
the  first module is okay. after that its all downhill. lacking examples.no mention of primary and foreign keys.not recommended for beginners.
Week 4 assignment isn't prepared well for the students to use the skills they learned, and issues posted on the forum left uncleared forever.
The final assignment is so horrendously worded and set up that much if it is unanswerable. Completely ridiculous. Avoid this course.
It is extremely boring and a complete waste of time. Several videos pass without showing anything about programming or SQL related.
It is a drag. A simple thing is repeated over and over instead of providing hands-on practice.
The content was generalized and  i was facing a lot of issues while executing the queries.
Not very informative, and the final assignment marks scheme was awful
Horribly designed questions in the final assignment. What a mess!
poorly worded questions in the assignment.
Terrible assistance in forum
The final project sucks.
TRYING TO UNENROLL
Pretty unclear
I come from a background of teaching for 18 years, and not in SQL. My biggest criticism for this course is the lack of preparation for the culminating activities. The course saves all the challenging work for the last 2% of the course. Even that would be okay, if you were prepared via practice early on for the rigor at the end. All the assistants and fellow students try their best to help each other in the forums without cheating, but it shouldn't be this way. If so many students are needing so much help in the final part of the course, then that speaks to ineffective and inadequate instruction early in the course. Teaching is not just knowing the material or being engaging. The real work of an instructor is to create instruction that builds students' knowledge and prepares them for tasks in a logical, methodical progression. This course was like playing on the monkey bars and some light tumbling for 90% of the time, then suddenly being asked to stick a landing in the Olympics off the uneven bars. I exaggerate to make the point of my frustration.
The videos contain the material necessary to get a basic understanding for relational databases and sql. I ended up skipping a lot of parts in the videos because of the extremely slow pace. The lectures also feel very scripted as well as awkward and were not very enjoyable to watch.The tests were mostly ok, sometimes the tasks were not possible to be solved with the knowledge learned or with the very limited sql-version available (sqlite). It sometimes felt like the creators did not solve them before submitting.The final assignement is quite the mess. A lot of repetitive work, sometimes the questions plainly dont make a lot of sense. Eg: Is there a correlation between factor a and b? Show by looking at top 10 results for a... not very statistically meaningful!
The lectures are littered with sloppy errors that haven't been fixed or acknowledged even after multiple people have pointed them out more than a year ago. Some of these errors seriously impede understanding and progress.The narration is awkward and appears to have been written by someone other than the narrator.Some of the assignment questions are terribly worded and mentors have provided inconsistent clarification on how to deal with some of these cases.Many legitimate concerns that have been raised in the forums have not even been acknowledged let alone addressed by staff/mentors.Nevertheless, the course at the very least does provide a reasonable structure, and the graded quizzes/assignment motivate students to achieve a certain level of mastery.
Poorly designed quiz and final project questions combined with a SQL interface which cannot use some of the commands introduced in the lessons leads to tedious parsing of the questions.  But it is short and there appears to be enough students to make the peer review of the final project possible in April 2019.  Not recommended.
I dislike being negative about courses, but I really struggled on this one.  The lecture videos felt disconnected from the coursework, and it was often unclear what the lectures were supposed to be teaching me.  There was very little detail in the lectures themselves, but rather vague bulletpointed lists that the lecturer just read out verbatim.  The assignments were too few and far between, and I seldom got the opportunity to try out the techniques that were mentioned in the lecturers for days or weeks, so when I did I often didn't understand what I was being tested on.  In many cases, I found I had to read up on W3 Schools instead to find the correct clauses and syntax.  Despite the supposed focus on SQLite, I don't feel we covered using SQLite in enough detail for me to say I would feel familiar with it vs any other environment.  The forums were a long list of questions from confused students with little useful feedback, and the final assignment had questions that couldn't be answered literally, which made the peer-reviewed nature of the marking unpredictable.I can't recommend this course as it currently stands.
She's a horrible teacher as of explaining code. For the most time, she only shows the input and never mentions the output. And if you google it, most of the codes are from templates online that are not very illustrative. Also, many of the questions in quiz are irrelevant to what she taught, or the things she spent a lot of time on never appeared in the quiz. Terrible experience with this instructor.
Course was informative and a decent foundation, but the lecture delivery was incredibly frustrating. Some concepts were explained very poorly, and I'll have to supplement how parts of the basics are used (e.g. Views, Self Joins, Having, European Date treatment). Often the lecturer tripped over sentences inserting phrases that made no sense, couldn't read words on the screen correctly etc. Also, needed FAR more examples for a couple of the more involved commands. Syntax of code writing changed mid lecture series for one of the weeks, and the practice questions in W2 had completely inconsistent code with what was provided in lectures. This course has potential, but the delivery must be *vastly* improved
Poorly-taught, poorly-presented. Course materials had too many grammar mistakes and typos; lesson content insufficiently practiced in assignments, some not used at all; subject matter often barely explained, and no consideration given for complexity of topics--all described at same pace, with same scant amount of examples; production rushed and lazy: instructor clearly filmed lectures without sufficient practice--frequent verbal gaffes that could/should have been edited out or avoided in multiple takes.
The course is basically theoretical. There is not any practice during the course except for the quizes and the final project. I had to complement the theory I learned here with another online course that focuses on the practice. Also, some questions of the final project were not clear enough, while reviewing I found out that people understood different things.
Some of the quizzes do not make sense and I have to select something that is wrong to pass. It is really hard to follow sometimes and the content of the video mostly does not relate to the content of the tests. I had to google most stuff that came up in the videos, many quotes from w3 school (another provider of programming courses).I choose to pay for courses on coursera so that I do not have to read through tons of free material online or get quoted content that is for free on other learning platforms. This course taught me some neat things but mostly wasted my time.
I finished the first course in the series, however it quickly became apparent in the second course that the instructors are unprepared and the assignments are thrown together without student learning as a priority.  If you want to learn SQL or Database systems, I highly suggest taking "Modern
  Big Data Analysis with SQL" from the CLOUDERA team and  "Data Warehousing for Business Intelligence" from the U Colorado team.Both of those course paths are much more informative, structured, and up to date.  You are wasting your time if you choose this path.
The final project assignment is a bit of a mess. Some of the questions are very unclear, and the database provided is incomplete in ways that make it hard to address some of the questions. I also found the lecture format and materials frustrating. I learn much better by reading and by being able to go back and reference materials, but that really isn't possible in this course -- the doesn't contain any of the actual code examples and is often really vague.
I felt the course was put together in a hurry.  There was a lot of information that was incomplete or just plain incorrect.  The assignments were even more vague than I was expecting.  OTOH It does lead you through learning very basic SQL.Too much focus was given to SQLite which is not an industry standard.  Perhaps using a free DBMS like Postgres or MySQL would have been better.  Are there any interactive T-SQL or Oracle engines that could be put in a box like the SQLite here?
This is the first course from Coursera that I didn't like at all. For absolute beginners is not suitable. There is only theories and somehow boring because there isn't any examples to do at the same time to understand the content better. I recommend to add more examples to the weekly courses like the ones for the final project so we can understand the theory more.
It stars strong, but on weeks 3-4 it lacks comprehensive examples and guidelines, and that makes you feel lost. Also, the final assignment is very hard, and it asks things in a non-comprehensive manner, which makes you spend a lot of time until you understand what they are asking you.
The teacher has really good knowledge of SQL and I really respect her for that, but as someone who is not familiar with SQL finds it difficult to give quiz without any side by side practice of the topic
Nice course! Only giving it low stars because the assignments are so out of data. Please update your assignments corresponding to updates to Database.
It's very basic SQL, definitely not challenging for anyone with SQL experience
These lectures seem incomplete. For several sections, I had to Google more information to understand the lecture topic.This course is listed as a beginner level course with no prerequisite, but throughout the lessons I felt like I was missing some key basic information. The course recommendation is 20 hours, 3-5 hours a week. The first week fell into that parameter, but after that the hours required increased each week, with the last week being about twelve hours including the final project. Ideally, this course considers adding in more complete explanations for the examples in the lectures (including outputs), more practice coding, and more depth on exploring data and making inferences from your queries.
Few suggestions for improvement:1. provide a worksheet that summarizes all the material in a simple manner. It exists in many other sites so it shouldn't be a problem to provide this2. In the quizzes and assignments - it would help to give a hand when the student does not understand the question or makes mistakes. to say "correct" or 'incorrect" is not enough. 3. the final exam is in no way align with the level of the classes. and the worse thing is that in the forum it seems that a lot of students have complained but nothing has changed... therefore I would not recommend this course.
There are 3 major issues with this course: 1. the instructor appears to be reading from a teleprompter and constantly struggles with her text, making the lectures both distracting and soporific. The cheerleading ('Are you excited about joins yet?') doesn't do anything to change that. 2. Some portions of the final assignments are poorly worded and the mentors aren't active. 3. There is a huge backlog for assignment grading which is frustrating and causes the discussion threads to be polluted by students asking for others to grade their assignment.
The instructor shows queries without showing the tables that are selected from nor the end result of the query. Often it is not clear what a query does by just watching the videos. Also you are not provided with the database that the instructor is using, so you can't rerun the queries and play around with them, which is essential for learning sql.The questions during the videos and the module quizzes are too simple compared to the course material and the topics looked at.
Although the structure of the course is well organised the assignments and videos contain lots of mistakes. I had to spent a lot of time by searching in the internet what is wrong in my code to realise that the instructor code was wrong as well and should not work (although they provide the results as it works just fine). Moreover, some questions are written not clearly and the explanations in the videos lack advanced examples while talking a lot about unnecessary things.
Course was a good overview of SQL for beginners but the quizzes and assignments were VERY POORLY DESIGNED. The questions often made little sense and often implied coding requirements that are way beyond the scope of the course. This lead to a significant amount of time being wasted in figuring out what is being asked. This seems to be a very common issue based on the forum posts. I HIGHLY recommend that the course instructors investigate and re-word the questions.
Unfortunately, the lectures did not provide engaging delivery, or insightful examples. There were unaddressed errors in the quizzes and many questions addressed topics that either reflected the subjective opinion of the instructor, or were not mentioned in the lectures at all. In those instances, external resources were required to come to a solution. This would not be a problem, if this did not affect the majority of information required to pass this course.
If I hadn't already been a little familiar with SQL before this I would have been pretty lost for a lot of this. A lot of the information presented could have used a little more details.The quizzes often asked questions that involved material that wasn't in the course, as did the coding parts.At the end of the day, I have had better experiences with some of the free courses available online (and learned more from them).
Good overview of SQL principals but very little practical information.Tasks don't show correct solution so if you don't know how to solve it - you will never learn it.Very poor support from admins/moderators. Even questions related to technical issues will stay unanswered. So again - if you didn't understand something from videos or have question outside of the scope - you will not learn it from this course.
The basics were explained adequately, but after that, the explanation often were very abstract and not really practical. I am a visual learner and I like to see pratical examples. The questions in the final exam were sometimes just tedious typing work. Sometimes the gap from what was explained in the video courses what was asked in the questions was a bit too steep.
The course gives basic elements of SQL, but there is no practice in the course (beside graded assignments), code is shown only in presentation (you cannot copy and and see how it works), and learning SQL without constant practice is nearly impossible. The peer graded assignment is messy.
Course is very theoretical, the teachers just reads presentation with SQL functions, there's no way to actually learn SQL by listening to it. Also she doesn't provide information about essentials of databases, so the beginners may not understand the concept of it.
The mistakes in the presentations and the massive ambiguity in the final assignment were a complete letdown for me. All in all, I did learn everything that was taught, but I wonder how much of that was made possible thanks to my previous experience in IT.
Good course to learn the basics but not worth the price you pay. Until week 3, everything is fine, but week 4 is a disaster. The final assignment is very confusing and sometimes it is hard to know what you are being asked. Not recommended.
The course has no transcript for review. And the system of SQL exercise is also wrong when you are using “WHERE” Clause and “=” signal. Because of the mistakes of system I even can not make any progress. Please check.
The course went fine up until the final assignment. It was very irritating to do, because of the incomplete database, broken correlations, different tables stating different things, which should've been the same, etc.
Decent introduction. I recommend https://mode.com/sql-tutorial for a better introduction to SQL.Assignments are very badly designed. Also the questions in the final assignment are unnecessarily repetitive!
A little too easy, not challenging at all, given this is a beginner level class, I'll give it two stars. You could finish the whole course on  Saturday if you get up early plus Sunday if you do not.
I wish that the instructor used examples that mirrored the type of questions in the coding exams. We did not cover all the material in the coding exam.
The structure and guidance provided on the final assignment was very poor, resulting in far more time required to complete than expected.
too much theory, I needed something more 'pratical' that allowed me to start using and write code and not see a lot of slide with code
The teacher was not readily available to answer questions. The course was alright but I do not feel prepared to use my skills yet.
Very slow and badly organised start of the course with no to very little practice of how to use SQLite before the coding quiz.
Too much talking in videos with less examples. The exercises were vague and not enough information was given to solve them
Not satisfied. There are better MOOCs for SQL/Data Science out there. I wouldn't recommend it for a SQL beginner.
there is a lot of questions about how the questions were asked, i highly recommend you do see the discussions
Not enough examples were shared. Certain concepts were explained without telling their underlying basics.
There are few examples about every lesson, and may not have examples for some lessons
The presentation and speaker
Not the best for beginners
Didn't like the teacher.
Great for complete beginners. +) Video tutorials + coding practices in controlled, sandbox environment. +) No need to install anything. You can complete everything in browser view. -) Quiz and exam questions are poorly written; they are unclear and unhelpful.  -) Quizzes and exercises are also far an few between. You need more frequent exercises. -) Nobody will answer your questions. But that's ok. You will still learn the fundamental concepts and you will pass the test. Overall, this course is good as a very first step in a safe and clean environment. If you want something in a more real environment (say, integrate with Python), you will need to take another course.
This is not a course. It is a presentation of material. The version of SQLite that is provided does not support the important and flexible functions that SQLite normally supports.The material covered is very very very basic. I do not recommend this course as there are more efficient methods of getting an introduction to SQL.
As a beginner, the course is easy to understand and follow, and the course teaches a lot of useful commands. However, I think the course still has a lot to imrove. Some codings in the lectures have problems (e.g. lack ','). When introducing new commands, the teacher did not show the running results of the coding example. I also think the course lacks some application in the real world. Maybe providing more real business cases will help students understand better about when some commands will be applied.
While I did learn some useful bits, I found the course lacking. I think it could have been much improved if certain conditions would have been met:A. More practice! You don't learn a computer language by hearing about it, you learn by using it. The only practice this course had were the quizzes, and they were far from sufficient. I would expect each lesson to be followed by at least some practice. I often found myself venturing to different websites in order to practice what I had learned, and learned more from that than I did from the actual course.B. Better explanations. I found the explanations short and sometimes lacking. Moreover, at times there was no synchronization between what the instructor was saying and what was presented on screen (e.g. she was talking about products when the example presented data of employess). It's a small thing but can be very confusing. It is very important to be precise here. Again, I found myself reading elsewhere in order to better understand certain concepts, which I might as well have learned elsewhere altogether.C. Examples! Again, you don't learn a computer language by hearing about it. You learn by using it or by seeing how it is used. Whenever I'm taught something, I want to be shown examples of possible ways to use it. Examples were scarce and incomprehensive.D. Applicability. The course is called "SQL for Data Science", yet I found very little in the way of applying SQL to data science. I would expect a lot more tips and tricks and examples of real-life problems and how an actual data scientist would tackle them. There was almost none of that. There were positives as well. The instructor was pleasant, the course was pretty well structured and did provide an introduction (although not much more) to SQL. But I did not get what I was hoping for.
Examples, examples, examples. This course could be drastically improved by providing more concrete examples of each function, preferably one we can play and explore with in some exercise (not just a practice quiz) if not right there in the lesson (much like w3schools does). I felt that this would have increased my understanding, confidence, and proficiency exponentially.
This is really a good basic knowledge course. Actually the more usable commands will be convered
Overall rating: The course itself was really good for beginners. I really like SQLPro:You get a lot of information and it has a clear structure.There are nice examples and you can train enough.The rate of speaking of the teacher was perfect for me.A very good thing was that the questions of the exam fit perfectly well to the information we were taught in the classes.Contra:What i did not like is, that even though you get clear instructions how to write and structure your code, the teacher did not stick to the rules all the time or structured the code in a way, which was not mentioned before. The reason why i only give 3 stars to this course is that the final assignment was the worst thing i ever experienced in a course. The instructions very totally unclear a lot of times and I had to search the discussion forum to find out what the questions are about. They could be interpreted in many different ways. Additionally, sometimes specific things were asked for like correlation, which is simply not possible if you take the question seriously. This would be a complicated formula, but the real intention of the question was to check it roughly by eye. But you can not tell what the intention is before you know the result and so it took me a lot of time to find out what the intention of several questions was. According to the discussion forum this problem is know for several years now. So enough time to fix it. Therefore i took two stars from the course.
Coming from someone who has zero experience using SQL, I can only describe this course as okay. On one hand I was able to build somewhat of a foundation seeing that I had no information prior to this course, alternatively the presentation of material especially as we approached week 3 was subpar. Week 3 and 4 had material that was much more involved and complicated compared to the prior weeks. The lectures were not at all sufficient enough to get a good understanding of the material. I found I had to find clarity using online tools, posting multiple (frequently unanswered) questions in the forum, and searching through pages and pages of forum posts in hopes that someone would have the same question I did. Painstakingly going through the lecture transcript on a specific topic was generally the last resort. To briefly speak more about the lecture delivery, I found it distractingly rehearsed. It's as if the material wasn't reviewed before reading it word for word to the students. There were so many misreads and phrases that made zero sense and these mistakes were carried through even to the most difficult concepts where a succinct, clear, informative delivery is desperately needed. I honestly felt like I was floundering in week 3 and especially week 4. The peer assignment questions were unclear and seemed to be asking questions on material we haven't covered or haven't covered in depth enough to answer some of the questions.
In general, course was not bad as for me, but there are some problems. On my opinion, main problem is luck of practice. Teacher tell about everything but all you see is explaining idea and purposes of using some statement, then boom and whole code on your screen, and you just seat and don't interact with SQL while listening the lecture. It was easier for me, since I've already knew some basics from another course, but I would definitely struggle if this was my first course in SQL. Also, in the beginning some task seemed to be given earlier then material needed for them. And the last problem is the last assignment. It seemed interesting for me at the beginning, but in the middle I got stuck with questions, cause they was made with hope on knowledge of student and, as I found out later, one of them doesn't have a certain answer. The most challenging was the last task in the assignment but problem was again in understanding what is needed from you, not in difficulty  of writing some SQL code. It would be better, if links on useful sources were given before last assignment, so people at least had idea what to do and get some additional knowledge at the same time. At the same time, course have structure and some practical tests, so that's why I give it 3 stars.
I think there are many things that could be improved about this course. It feels a bit rushed when it comes to the videos, which could offer a bit more information. There are some concepts that I had some difficulty grasping because they weren't explored with sufficient depth. And also, there are some other aspects which do not appear in the course, but which I feel would be useful, such as perhaps how to use database management systems themselves to extract data to your computer, since in this course you only learn  how to write queries, and not how to extract the information you've queried to your computer.In addition, I think the database used for the final task is flawed, and this gives some strange results when performing it.On a more positive note, I did actually learn a lot from te course, and I think the proramming tasks where really helpful, and actually kind of interesting, as you get the chance to play around with your queries and experiment with the results (despite the aforementioned flaw).
Three stars because (1) the lecturer is good, and (2) Despite the bad "user experience" provided by this course, I did achieve my goal which was to acquire a working knowledge of SQL. Some of the final project questions were confusing, or not well explained. Some of the answers given in the rubric are wrong (Part 1 question 6). Only a few mentors are present on the Forum and they often give incomplete answers to questions. One of the homework questions is incorrectly posed; this has been pointed out 6 months ago and is still not corrected. The student must waste a significant amount of time trying to understand ill-posed or confusing coding assignment questions. This level of neglect to improving the user experience is really *not acceptable* for a paid course.The course could be greatly improved by having someone with pedagogical as well as technical knowledge to address the task of rewriting and fixing the coding questions that many users have complained about.
The lecture videos covered the topics in a very general way and gave examples of the code. However, I found there were not enough coding exercises to cover all the functions learned. In addition, I learnt the syntax and how to use the different functions mostly through my own research using external tutorial web sites. The lectures served more as an outline of topics rather than as a stand-alone learning tool. I was fine with this as I like learning independently but there could be more of a practical element to the course. The final assignment wording ought to be reviewed by the course co-ordinator rather urgently as a number of the questions were unclear and ambiguous as to what was required. The marking scheme also does not allow differentiation between good answers utilising good coding versus inelegant coding / passable code that could be better. Overall, a useful introduction to SQL and I felt like I got a good overview but lacking in technical practice.
I Think this course makes a good introduction to SQL for analytics.However I noticed many instances where the explanations were wrong or too simple. Many times I would get frustrated because having only a partial understanding of how the functiosn work leads to many mistake : " a little knowledge can do a lot of harm ". The wording was one of my worst fears when looking at questions, often it would not be precise enough and you would wonder what they really want as an answer. But as I said it was for me a good introduction, I wouldn't call it more than an introduction. I also learned to learn SQL by myself and to find queries that could be done in a way that agrees with my own sense of logic.Conclusion: good introduction, the course still needs some refining.
I don't like to give negative feedback on educational courses, but I think there is a lot of room for improvement in this one. There are a lot of key concepts that are just touched on briefly, but no examples or further explanation is provided. There also needs to be more intermittent quizzes to reinforce learning and practice the material being taught, than just one quiz at the end. Another gripe - some of the questions in quizzes and tests are very poorly written.Some positives though - it is structured and fairly short and sweet, and the progression system keeps people feeling motivated.Overall, I would recommend people to look at other options and look for something that is more holistic and well put together.
Two recommendations1) Given that I've moved over to another course in the series, I'm really enjoying Mode.I think it provides a much more realistic environment vs. the one that Coursera used in the first course.2) Several of the examples only showed the SQL queries, not the output. That makes it much harder to understand how changes in the queries would impact results. As an example. Imagine in the section around joins if you presented a split screen. One showing the SQL query, the other the results. Then you show here's the results of a Inner Join, here's the results of a Left Join, here's the results of a Full Join, etc. and then you can compare and contrast these.
Really not sure how to rate this class. The lessons were great. I learned a lot. It was a good overview of SQL. The learning quizzes where you actually use SQL in the browser to answer the questions was slick. However, the final project was very poorly worded, most of the businesses in one table were not in the other tables because they did a poor job of selecting records from these tables to set things up which makes joins very hard to do, and the rubric at times didn't make sense or didn't even have you grade a question that you spent a lot of time on. I spent far more time on the project than I thought necessary.So great course, terrible final project. 3 stars?
Was in need of a class to get back into database and this class was just perfect. I wouldn't say it's for a complete beginner or at least not for me. I was glad I had one to two database classes under my belt. Otherwise I would have difficulty following the class. The final assignment was tricky in it's wordings. But it's doable as long as you have watched and followed all the video. Sadie, the instructor is a great speaker and is very clear when she speaks. The best takeaway from this class was the very last video from Week 4, where she talks about lot of good practices one should follow when programming. I will keep it in my mind, definitely.
As can be seen in the discussion forum, the course is not really so well designed. I found some difficulties during the process even if I have learned programming before at intermediate level. The language sometimes is confusing. The lecture examples in the last two weeks weren't helpful in understanding the concept and improve coding, though the coding test is not hard to pass. The course has improved according to the discussion but won't be so helpful if you really want to get some solid skills in SQL. I came for this course for prerequisite and I actually studied at UC Davis before, so a little disappointing.
The lectures are fantastic but the final course project was a nightmare that was poorly worded so that you had to spend a long time trying to figure out what the questions meant before you could attempt to answer them. Also the database was restricted to 10,000 rows which meant that when trying to answer questions there were so few relevant results from queries you couldn't do much. This resulted in even more wasted time. There was no mentor help on the forum that was actually useful - other people had asked questions based on the same issues and the responses were of no help.
The interface, video demonstrations, and lectures are good; however, there is a lot of information; its hard to go back and review the information unless you re-watch the videos; there are no handouts or other notes you can reference.  The quizzes and assignments are difficult to complete due to some errors with the quiz content.  There needs to be glossary of terms that the learner can reference during the quiz.  I'm only in week 3, so maybe the remaining weeks will get easier now that I've practice with SQL syntax a little bit.
The course content overall is very good, with assignments being appropriately challenging and thus facilitating learning better than some other introductory Coursera courses. That said, the final assignment in Week 4 is an overkill, and the estimated duration needed of 2 hours is a severe underestimation, especially taking into account the fact that it is also peer-reviewed, requiring not 1 but 3 reviews. If you are taking this course with a deadline in mind, do leave plenty of time for the peer-reviews to come in.
This course has great potential, but as of February 2018, it is still not fully fledged out: the lectures focus on general SQL examples with data science mostly in the background. The part that I found the most relevant with regards to data science was the final peer-reviewed project. Sadly, the studied data set was badly truncated to an arbitrary size of 10,000 records in each table, without taking into account relationships between records, which made most attempts at any kind of analysis dubious.
There were times that I felt like I didn't understand the material enough and the examples were sometimes lacking. Also the final assignment was really poorly worded so it could be difficult at times to understand what the questions were asking for.  but overall. it was helpful. If you don't know a thing about coding I would advise that you look somewhere else, since this class expects you to know the basics about coding. However if you are familiar with coding it is passable
The content of the course was good. Sometimes I got lost during the explanations, because the professor did not point to the board to help us follow what she is talking about.The assignments also were interesting and helped us understand the theory. However, sometimes the exercises were not clearly written. I also found that there is little support in the Forums, giving the impression this is an abandoned course, which is a disrespect for those who paid for the course.
The exercises were extremely helpful to practise the concepts but I struggle to follow the video tutorials. While it was useful to have the coding / working displayed on the screen, I wanted to also see the output so I know what it will look like. The Peer Review assessment was also hard to work on as some of the questions were not worded clearly. Otherwise, I do think this course met expectations and I have a much better understanding of what SQL can do now!
The videos were nice and easy to follow, and the quizzes were good too. The first part of the final assignment was fine, but the second part was very confusing and difficult to understand, so completing the course became quite difficult. Also, it seems like there was very little help to get through the forum for the final assignment, which just made it more difficult. Would give 3.5 stars, but I can't give half stars.
This is a mostly a course intended to review, that's to say, you need to have prior knowledge of SQL if you want to make the most out of it. If you're just a beginner, I wouldn't recommend it though, there are a lot of things that remain unspoken and are important. Readings are okay, but in my humble opinion they fall short to what SQL world can really offer. This, I consider it mainly a sneak-peak.
Good overview, and you will learn soemthing for sure. Some course notes would greatly help. Also, sometimes in the videos it could help if a cursor would highlight on which part of the slides we are currently talking about and the SQL code in theslides should always go woth the output, so that a beginner can easily grasp what is going on. Some mindor mistakes in the assignments also.
Only reason I did not give this class 5 stars is because the final project is horribly organized and very difficult to through - it doesn't test your ability to use SQL or solve data science problems, but your ability to figure out what the instructor wants. Besides that, the lectures are great and engaging (and short, so you can't  get burned out), and SQL is very fun to use!
A reasonably good course but not of the calibre that I've come to expect from Coursera. Assignments were poorly worded and clearly not thought out properly. The mentors also appeared inadequately  prepared and were largely unhelpful. I think with a little effort the course could be tidied up and meet the standards I have experienced in the other Coursera courses I have done.
Course was a good introduction to SQL and its application to Data Science. There were some more complex concepts such as joins that I thought should have been explained and more examples provided in the course as it was assumed that someone had a good understanding of these concepts for the quizzes and final project when they were only lightly touched upon in the course.
Good introduction/refreshment course. I think it needs some updates, though. There are some errors in the slides and in the quizzes (even pointed out in the forums) that should be fixed. Some assignments could be improved too, some questions are not very clear. Minor issues apart, I enjoyed taking the course and would take it again.
The quality of the course decreased after Week 1. I understand what you put in is what you get out, but the course didn't offer any additional practice for the extra resources they provided. Also, the lectures were terrible as the instructor hardly showed any of the code's output, which means I had no idea if it was correct or not.
It was a great course and I've definitely improved my SQL skills, however there were a few things that could be improved. Practice questions and quizzes should be placed throughout the course material, not at the end just before the final quiz. Secondly, the content itself could be explained in better ways. Not always very clear.
I carried some advanced skills from Excel that helped me understand the subject better. I like non-scripted more natural story-telling like courses better. Otherwise I prefer more advanced tricks for programming. Overall, it was a simple to understand and start programming kind of course. Oriented for beginners, no prerequisites
This course is bad structured - the rule from simple to complex is not respected. Focuses more on theoretical knowledge. Only suitable for beginners to familiarize themselves with SQL.
I recommend read the book: "Beginning SQL Server 2005 Programming" (by Robert Vieira) - it best for your starting in the SQL "world".
The course is very good for beginners but you need to do your own homework. No actual coding was practiced in this course so I had to learn it on my own. Also, got very confused with understanding RDBMS and differences between SQL/SQL lite and etc. Overall, course was informative and helpful in learning SQL.
Targeted to business people - explanations might feel unsatisfactory if you're more of a programmer. Final assignment took me a lot longer than expected as it required solving problems for which the course have not prepared me - the optimists will say that's a little of a real life learning experience.
It was good content but I wish after each concept or syntax, there was a sandbox example in-between videos cause it will help understand better and in terms of syntaxes not tested in the final review, we might have forgotten. Also, the peer-reviewed assignment was a bit much for my learning objective.
I feel the knowledge shared in the course was not extensive and also the lessons could have been more practical. Since I have already had hands on on the SQL DB's before, it was less of a challenge for me but overall content and the topics covered were good. Only if it could be more elaborate.
This course is OK. But the problem is mentor seldom answers your question in the forum, so once you encountered any problem, it's hard to continue. Also, the elaboration in the lessons can be improved with the aid of the output table, since only showing the code is inadequate for beginners.
The course is interesting and really focuses on the basics, so it's good for people who know nothing about programming or SQL. I didn't like the final assignment, though. I felt it was too difficult compared to the content of the course and the Forum wasn't very useful to me.
This course teaches the very basics of SQL but in the final assignment gives real world problems, that was never mentioned in the course span. How to use the queries for analytics and gathering data and coming to some conclusion, these things are not available in this course
I give it three stars because I did learn a few things.I think my only recommendation is to add some more practise coding before the quiz available . For example, after we finish a video, have a practise code  since coding is learnt by doing more often than anything.
This course is great at getting you started in SQL. The complexity of the assignments however exceed the practice questions available. Further there are not enough practice questions to become fluent in using the concepts described. Feedback: more practice questions.
I think this course does not provide opportunity to learn sql practically. It only gives the theory of sql language, which I think is not sufficient to get the whole idea. Another thing, the quiz and questions are way too harder compared to the lectures provided.
I think some parts are not explained well and lack of examples, furthermore complicated topic are treated  fast and easy topic are treated in a deeper way. I found myself in difficulties and there isn't a way to ask a mentor more infos about the topic.
This is a basic SQL course. I'm not sure why it is called "SQL for Data Science" other than that is a catchy title. I took this course to refresh my SQL skills. It did give me an idea of where I am weak, but I don't feel I achieved my objective.
After the 2nd week, the instructor just introduces new concepts and does not explain the working of the algorithm. Also, more or less the video length should increase and more examples should be discussed.Overall the course is great !!!!
Quizzes and assignments require a lot of knowledge not actually covered in the course forcing you to search for information elsewhere.Questions are not clear in many tests creating incorrect answers which are not of the learners fault.
This course is okay but I feel like they need more practice queries not just a test and you never got to try it before also the questions need to be better explained. Other than that I feel like I did learn the basics of SQL
The course vidoes were really nice. The wording of the exercises is frequently confusing, especially in the peer-reviewed assignment. Many question cannot be answered with the tools provided (i.e. inference, correlation).
course was really good and understandable for some beginner like me but at same time I think that more coding exercises were requiredONCE AGAIN THANK YOU FOR IGNITING THE INTEREST TOWARDS DATA ANALYSIS IN ME
No practice examples at all. Videos have only theorethical queries  without results, so you can`t see how it works on practice. Reference to SteckOverFlow is awesome. Why should I pay money for nothing?
Would definitely need to watch Youtube videos to understand the course fully.Good assignments but the videos are not that great and too much time wasted in learning objectives. Too less examples given
Good program for beginners.  Peer review assignment needs to be updated. The assignment is not graded by instructor.  Certification means nothing  because anyone who pays money will eventually get it.
The course gives us the basics of SQL only wrt Data Science. It does not tell us much about SQL. Would have liked if more information was given on SQL and how that works. All in all, good course.
Certain quiz questions were unclear. Final peer-review assignment had unclear/ambiguous questions that didn't fit with the data in my opinion. But content is useful. Delivery could be improved.
Strongly suggest adding more example code and its running result which will make more sense for beginner. And more exercise problems as current Quiz do not cover all the points in the lecture.
There should have been more worked examples of queries as it would be hard for a fresher to fully understand it. Btw the Yelp Database lookup page was very helpful to play with the dataset.
The quizzes will expand your knowledge more. writing and running codes during lecture videos could have made it more easier to understand though, this is what is missing to get a 5 star
You learn the basics of SQL but the course is a bit slow and repetitive, and the last peer-graded assignment should be graded by a computer or the TA's, not just random participants.
Great Course to start with.Gives a good understanding of SQL on one side en working with databases on the other.A syllabus of al the code examples in the video's should behelpfull
Overall good course. The lectures could be made a bit interesting and engaging with exercises broken up. Found the lectures monotonous however course material is good.
I think there are not enough examples to help students learn the syntaxes deeply. It seems that some examples that students can code simultaneously can help more.
Videos were lame and didn't bother withe examples much but exercises were good to learn basic SQL (although u can learn same thing from google if not better)
The course starts easy and okay but the last assignment was so difficult. Quiz on what you teach and teach what we failed to understand (Assignment 4) part 3
Course instructor needed some improvement.  It felt as though she was reading from cards the whole time and not really adding much value to the course.
Week 3 was a bit difficult. The questions asked in the quiz were little different than that which were in the lecture video. Rest everything was fine
The quiz questions does not match the material provided in the course. There are more easier ways to coding rather explained throughout the course!
The topics are well explained but the videos are monotonus (slides and the teacher talking). I think the course could be more interactive.
Good for learning basics of SQL but not much application and integration of concepts. In general, however, it is good for beginners.
Course would be much better if you can work alongside the instructor. Using presentation slides in a coding class is not ideal imo.
The lecturer maybe is a good data scientist but does not have the skills of presenting or explaining material in an easy manner.
should have provided more explanation and help for exercises and assignment questions. The lecture is also not in depth enough.
This is a good course for basic knowledge of SQL but the quizzes and assignments are very confusing and badly elaborated.
This is a good course on SQL for Data Science. As you will particularly start from scratch and go uptil tedious methods
The overall format was quite good but it would be more helpful if more examples are included in the lecture videos.
This course is helpful for beginners, but I felt that some explanation weren't clear and quizzes were challenging
More explanation of concepts is required. Also it would have been better if SQL code was explained in depth.
Instructor should have explain each code by performing practically on pc instead of showing only image.
not really relevant to 'data science' its more of a general basic introduction to CRUD and joins
examples for important concepts were lacking  like the use of GROUP BY and CASE statements
Course teaching was excellent, but the final assignment questions were terrible.
Clear instruction, but quite easy. Would prefer if it was more challenging.
The Assignment was mis worded and didn't reflect the content of the course
Just teaches SQL. Nothing is taught about how its used for data science
The course material seemed prepared in a rush, with several mistakes.
Quizzes poorly and ambiguously worded, database carelessly extracted
It could be harder with some excersice that make the student search
Good content but the questions are badly worded and need updating.
Need to take a more in-depth class to fully understand this class.
You can learn this stuff on your own. You don't need a course.
Some topic is not cover like constraints alter modify default
Quite easy. The peer-reviewed assignment is also very easy.
not enough teaching examples, could be tough for beginner
Very fast and high level for a person who knows nothing
A really good course, but the forum isn't that great.
Quiz and graded materials not available for free.
Too much theory and very little or no practice
Good general basic introductions.
Pretty decent introductory course to SQL.Pros: Quiz and coding assignments are good, overall speaking.Cons: (1) The instructor usually spends lots of time laying out the learning objective and the background info. (2) Too few examples. (3) Too few coding tests. Ideally, put one quick test after each video for students to get their hands dirty as soon as possible rather than wait till the end of the module. (4) Provide summary pdfs which summarizes the syntax the module covers. (5) Provide answers to the coding questions.
The course met my expectations as someone with no real prior knowledge. I now feel much more confident. The  lectures were well structured and the were a good amount of exercises. THe only reason I am giving the course 4-stars is due to the final exercise. Some of the questions were vague/not worded clearly enough. I had to dig through the forum to try to understand the questions.Overall I would recommend this course!
The Content of the course is good, quizzes are fine, but the final project is a total mess up, inconsistent and don't contain the course potential, so you won't be able to apply the knowledge by doing it
The course was pretty good for a beginner. The instructor was very clear and explained all the concepts in a very easy to grasp manner. However, the entire course could do with more coding exercises. Concepts such as joins, group, etc could be better understood if there were more exercises. Also, during the coding exercise (at the end of the week) it would be really helpful if correct answer and an explanation would have been provided. Having said that, its really good for beginners and I would and have recommended this to others.
=)  Very clear walkthrough of important concepts in SQL and why use certain functions for certain tasks.=( Wish there were more practice questions so it's more interative.=( Also it would be great if there are more "real-life" SQL practices that involve solving for an actual question that you might encounter as a data scientist working for a tech company.Thanks so much for sharing this with us, Sadie!
Thought some of the intuitive thinking was a bit challenging, but really liked how the sqlite server was built into the course and didn't require any download or off-site work. Think some of the time estimates should be a bit longer, but overall good course.
Good course for anyone starting to learn SQL but the course needs more assignments to ensure that the learners have got a good understanding of the concepts. Also, the final project is a bit overwhelming to do without prior experience in SQL.
A nice course for introduction with SQL but they could have used the software currently used in the industry like oracle's MySQL or SQL server.
Would have been better if there was a chapter on connecting to an sql server from an application or gui.
Great course with great learning and an opportunity to apply that learning
Excellent course. Professor very knowledgeable and professional. A few minor observations -- the presenter could have broken down some of the larger topics (i.e. joins into separate modules and prepared more practice assignments, especially writing queries so the students could get more comfortable with the task. Also, the alerts when a students does not write a query correctly could be a bit more explicit (i.e. which"(" they are referring to). Furthermore, one of the questions in "Graded Assignment"in the Week 4 Module where the first question did not recognize one of my answers as correct, even though it was. Next, some of the questions in both the graded and final assignments were not clearly worded so it was a bit difficult to understand what they were asking. Finally, if I wanted to repeat or pause a portion of the video, it would often jump back on to the very beginning.On the whole, however, this course was very informative, interesting, and enjoyable. A must for anyone interested in improving their skills in both data/database management and computer skills in general.
This course was my first exposure to SQL. Much of the topics covered were easy to follow. I would have liked to delve deeper into some of the course topics. Some of the lectures were a little vague with only the static PowerPoint background. It would be helpful if the lecture was overlaid with motion pictures to help demonstrate how some of the code works in practice. The option to practice SQL on a computer using SQL Server or SQLite for applicable practice would also have been appreciated. Typing SQL code into the website isn't the same as using the actual programs one would use for work. Also, upon course completion, the Coursera website indicates this is 1 of 3 courses. However, it is unclear what course 2 and 3 are. I would like to learn more as I am hoping to utilize my economics and mathematics background in the work force as a data analyst. Overall, I enjoyed this course and recommend it to other folks if a traditional college course is not a viable option. If the option is available, I strongly suggest enrolling in an accredited, recognized university program.
Overall this course provided a great curriculum to begin learning SQL basics as well as thinking about data in a scientific way. My only real feedback would be that I frequently had to look elsewhere on the internet for examples to understand the syntax and rules of each operator or function that was introduced. The core video lessons sometimes provide only one or sometimes zero examples of how to use the operator or function being discussed. More specific examples would be helpful. I am a native English speaker and still had occasional difficulty understanding what the instructor was trying to communicate during some of the video lessons. Many of the sessions could have been edited for clarity, especially when many students of the course are non-native speakers. Overall I learned a great deal and understand the basics of SQL such that I  feel confident moving onto the next course and expanding my skillset.  Thank you!
I must say the final could use some improvements some things I wasn't really prepared well for was searching for any nulls that took a huge query and the last question on the final project was kind of vague. I took this course to learn by doing, wish there was some extra help when I ask sometimes nobody responded, so it was supposed to be a three week course, but took me 4 months. I gained alot of weight during taking this course, when studying this it takes me hours on hours sometimes I can't schedule other things in the day in fear of overlapping and forgetting. The instructor was good I had to research more on my own on the different times to use subqueries vs joins. Overall it is good experience I feel this is not like riding a bike and to remember it you have to keep doing it consistently. The readings on Data science are really really long as well the readings actually take a huge amount of time.
Good introductory course for SQL beginners. Adequate content with plenty of reading to expand interest and find further references. Also an adequate pace that allows to combine learning with busy life. It allows to quickly build understanding of the concepts and their basic application to solve basic business questions as well as confidence.  Sanbox practice w/o need to buy into any program is very usefull. The course delivers what it says it will deliver.  Looking at others' reviews, expectation far exceeds what this course is designed to deliver in the given timeframe. The polling questions are excellent during the lecture videos, as they keep the participant engaged and check understanding of subject. Only suggestiion for further improvement would be to split the video tutorials with some sandbox practice, instead leaving it out to the end of the section for a practice quizzes.
Hi! I'm still on WEEK 3 of the course and I'm yet to finish the course. The course content for Week 1 and Week 2 was amazing! The explanation, enthusiasm of the instructor in teaching, the examples and the description as well as clear cut definition of each term made it so easy to learn the concepts. Thank you for putting up such a great course material.That being said, in Week 3, the concepts get tougher so the explanation should be more detailed and there should be more number of examples. However, that's not to be seen in the videos. There are hardly any examples. The tables and what output we get after submitting the query is not shown. Without looking at the table contents and the kind of output each type of join query gives, it's very difficult to understand the concept. :/ I hope Coursera will do something about this. Thank you. :)
Really tough assignments. Tests your knowledge of you have learned. A good notes is necessary to attempt the final peer review assignment. Good links to outside sites for reference reading and clarity. Overall enjoyed the course. Learned a lot and understood how important data is in our life and how vital a knowledge to work with it is in today's world.Small Advice: After each concept videos please make learners attempt questions on the solitary concept alone instead of brain storming the whole weeks total concepts in one coding assignment. It helps the learners to grasp the concept more and to remember it with enthusiasm.Wonderful course with lot of tricky assignments. Have fun guys. I heard a specialzation is on its way for this. So its worth taking it and following a path.
It's a good intro course to SQL for data science.  The videos are helpful but the lack of practice questions or active presentations (showing the presenter using SQL and not just showing code on the screen) made it difficult for me to engage with the course.  I had to go find additional practice question resources outside of the course and frequently used outside sources to help understand what I was doing.  SQLite is also terrible and frequently times out because your query took more than 3 seconds.  This was very frustrating as it leaves you unsure if your code is causing problems, the website/server was busy or SQLite just didnt process in time.  I'd like a more robust SQL option similar to the way Hackerrank works.
The overall course is good enough and the quizzes are a good indication of what is to come. There are a handful of typos and errors in the PPT decks that do make the lessons harder because there are enough gaps that I had to search online for the correct way.I know this isn't a surprise, but the cheating on the peer review project is rampant. I did 6 peer reviews and all but one was a copy and paste - they all had the same typo in a table. One even had generic statements such as FROM [insert table name]. Also, you need to include a 0 option for the peer project grading. Two of the ones that I graded skipped the last several questions and I had to still give them points.
This class is a good start to learn SQL. It provides the fundamentals and introduction to the world of SQL. However, I am speaking as someone who has learn to code before, so some of the practices are already familiar. Those with no prior coding experience, such as having SQL as their first code language, might have a bit of hard time.Sadie's explanation is clear. Some of the example used on the slides and what is being explained by the instructor are different. Maybe one is updated while the other isn't.Some of the coding syntax are not explained verbally, however if you study the written examples on the slides, there should be no problem.
Nice course that covers the fundamental aspects of SQL and paves the way for a more in-depth dive into SQL and RDBMS. I really liked the integration of the chinook and yelp datasets in this course, as they give you a glimpse of what it is like in the real world. Quizzes and assignments were not too challenging which is fine considering this is more like an intro course. I also liked Sadie's teaching style, however I do favour a more organic teaching approach in the videos. I understand that, a lot of logistics goes into preparing these videos and I appreciate that. However, the teaching videos were a bit lifeless, if that makes sense.
I loved the course.  I think it is at the right pace with the right amount of information.  Normally, I get bore when the instructor explain many things and after I got it, she/he continues explaining.I loved that the instructor goes right to the point and does not waste time repeating the same thing again and again.The only piece I was not happy about was the final assignment.  It has things not explained in the course that were not easy to solve.  Of course, after figuring out the answer, it seems easy, but it is not while the person does not get it.But overall, I loved it.  I would have given 4.5, instead of 4, but I was not able.
Great exercises and quizzes to really test SQL knowledge. I feel confident in my ability to work with basic SQL commands to modify a data set for analysis. I found the videos helpful to introduce topics, but felt like I gained most of my understanding from the exercises. Instructor was very knowledgeable but explained some of the concepts awkwardly. I appreciated her comparisons and metaphors when included.Overall, really good course for someone who is brand new to SQL like myself. I look forward to applying these skills in practice and integrating them with other data analysis tools.
Most of the course is satisfactory. However, the final project has some major problems. First, it will take you longer than the stated 2 hours. Also, documentation on the provided data is lacking. Moreover, a large part of the final project is data analysis that you would never conduct in SQL - what would take a few lines of code in Python becomes cumbersome and frustrating and incomplete in SQL. If you're interested in obtaining the course certificate, just be aware that you won't encounter the most frustrating part of the course until you've completed every other course requirement.
Excellent content if you're new to SQL! The videos were a little slower paced than I liked but I simply reset the streaming pace to 1.25 times faster and that did the job. I wish there were some more frequent practice questions. I do appreciate that the assignments and quizzes were slightly more challenging in that you couldn't just regurgitate exactly what you were told during lecture. I'm somewhat disappointed that I ended up googling a good number of concepts in order to better process them. But again, plus side, you don't need to download extra software to practice.
The course is very well structured and gave me plenty of skills to be able to retrieve data on my own. I do have a complain, and it is that some questions throughout the exercises and in the final assignment are not very well explained and lead to confusion, it is not immediately clear what the question(s) is asking to do.  Also I would have liked that during the lecture videos, the examples come along with the resulting data table. It was done in some but not all which I missed when referring back to the lectures in order to be able to do the coding exercises.
Overall a great course although I'm not sure how well I would have picked this up had I not had prior experience. I used this course as a refresher after having dabbled in SQL a few months back and hardly touched it until recently. This course did help reinforce concepts and better taught ones I was less familiar with. I also liked the amount of problems that were provided and the various resources. All that said, the lecture method doesn't feel the strongest for teaching the content in the depth it requires - at least for me if I were a complete newcomer.
The course is informative, but there should be more hands-on type questions mid-video. Internalizing information would be much more efficient if there was more than just seeing results of queries and answering poorly worded questions. The final assignment can be one of great effort or minimal effort depending on the individuals interest in trying out complex queries that are out of their comfort zone, but both sides of the coin end up with the same certificate in hand. So, just like most courses in life, you get only what you put into it.
I thoroughly enjoyed this course as my first experience in Coursera. The lectures were presented in a well paced manner and the information was sufficiently broken down. However, the first few weeks suffered from insufficient assignments to reinforce the concepts learned. As a result, the final assignment was well beyond the normal intensity of the course and I felt unprepared. The final assignment appears to be developed by someone other than the core instructor and has a completely different understanding of the course scope.
Overall I think the course was pretty good. I think a lot of sections could have used more examples, especially of queries that combined several different types of clauses. There were also too many "choose the better answer" type questions in the weekly quizzes with more than one correct answer. Finally, the wording on many of the final assignment questions was terribly unclear. There are dozens of posts and questions about these on the forums. Ironing out these deficiencies would really help improve the overall course.
The course addresses all the topics necessary to start using SQL for profiling and analyzing data.  To improve: 1). For various topics, there weren't enough examples and forth these themes could be confusing 2). It's too much visible that the teacher is reading a teleprompter and there were occasions where the sentences are not well connected, and at least for non-english speakers, this could be annoying and confusing.  The assignments are well designed, and in these exercises is when you really start to learn.
This course has improved my SQL skills and let me further my knowledge of Database Management System. Also, there are some coding assignments helping cultivate my hands-on SQL coding skills, especially for data science.

However, some of the lecture videos felt disconnected from the coursework, honestly. The lecturer just read out verbatim, showing too few examples and too few coding tests. Moreover, the assignments were too few so I supposed I should have to take another course so as to get massive progress.
It's better if someone can give learners some advice on their project. It's really hard to finish a complete project by the learners themselves. What's more, as a starters, everyone knows a little, only some basic knowledges, so we don't know how we did on our project. It's better that someone who is more professional on this course, like TA or someone who can give us some advice on our project and it could be better if we can have some sample answers after we finally finished the complete course.
Hi, I just started this course, and so far it's great, but in Data Models, Part 1:Thinking About Your Data, I think there is a typo in the last question for this module. One of the answer choices is "A translation system for used to communicate with Data Scientists" You probably meant to write "A translation system used to communication with Data Scientists" (leaving out "for") Just figured you might want to know so you can change it before more people sign up for the course. All the best!
I really enjoyed this course and felt it was excellent as a beginner course for someone who had very minimal knowledge of this skill at the start of this course. Some of the questions were a little confusing and the lectures could delve a little bit deeper into the SQL nuances to help develop a more complete knowledge of the subject. That being said, I would recommend this course to anyone who is interested in the world of SQL and developing their skills and getting resources to succeed.
The course has quite a lot of content, and all of it is relevant. The lectures in the initial weeks were really helpful. After the second week, it was difficult to keep up with the instructor. The practice challenges and additional resources were very helpful and added to my learning experience. The final assessments at the end of each week helped me learn a lot. The peer-reviewed assessment at the end was a challenge in itself. Overall, a good course for beginners.
The course content is generally good, but the final work, in my opinion, needs to be adjusted to work better. I completed this course in a relatively short time. However, the final work took me a lot of time to do some of them were quite confusing. I was quite frustrated by this work and I found a lot of people had the same feeling. I think improvements needs to be done to the work. This lectures, however, is worthy to participate in.
This course has all the basic information. But I didn't like the examples, they were poor. I could only see the result of SQL queries, but there were no screenshots about the table with which we are working and what was in the beginning.  Moreover, not SQL queries in the lectures had even the resulting screenshot table. And, also, as for me, I prefer the [ESS QUE EL] pronunciation rather than [SIQUEL]. I recommend this course!
Good intro course, which doesn’t just cover the basics of SQL, but also usage from a Data Science perspective. Only observation is that the speaker is not so fluid, and obviously very nervous at the time of video recordings. Particularly Week 3, I couldn’t follow the Joins subject due to being so poorly articulated, so I ended up learning from the SQLite Tutorial site instead. Overall I did enjoy it and would recommend.
I really enjoyed this course, even  though for a few moments I've got a feeling that the tasks were a little too difficult compared to what had been explained. But, I re-watched again and again the videos, reviewed the key concepts and peer comments, and in the end was able to make it. I highgly recommend this course to absolute beginners just like me, it gives you useful insights on what the Data Science is about.
The course is well structured, but the time needed to complete it (if the person is not used to programming languages) exceeds what the course says. In addition, the only drawback of the course is the final assignment. It is sometimes time consuming and the questions are in some cases poorly worded   deriving in learners confusion ( a lot of discussions in the forums have been opened because of this matter).
I think the course covers most of the theory part. It needs to add more of the coding lesson and quizzes as well. For instance, the small questions we receive during the video, there should coding questions as well. When we receive the coding questions directly in the coding assignment at the end of the week. It is quite difficult to do these questions. Overall, it was an amazing learning experience.
The course is very informative and can be easily understood. It helps me to grasp the language easily and apply what I've understood through the exercises that they had. I think there's an incorrect answer on the peer review assignment about querying the 'Avon' and 'Beachwood' as the answers, and my answer as well, of the peers that I've reviewed is the same but the provided answer is different.
I enjoyed the course and feel like I have a good grasp on the common SQL applications, processes, functions, etc. The videos were informative, but I wish there were more examples (and more examples to actually work through and practice with). Overall, I think this is a really good course to learn the basics of SQL and the final assignment is very thorough and helps solidify that understanding.
Could have more visual examples, especially showing the output of queries. Also, could have a couple of additional videos in the end, showing some problem-solving situations, as I struggled a little bit with the questions on the inferential part of the final project. However, it was a good course, the length of the videos was perfect and it was very well divided. I think I learned a lot.
I found this course to be a good introduction to SQL. However, I noticed that there are some minor mistakes in the  downloadable PDF files - some don't align with the video lectures and some slides are wrong. A few questions in the final peer review assignment were also very ambiguous. With that being said, I would still recommend this course to anyone who wants a brief intro to SQL.
It would have helped me to have more "hands on" use of the concepts right after they are presented instead of after many concepts are presented and then having to try to remember all of them.  This is how you do this, then do it.  It's like how Code Academy does it where they give you one step at a time to do and then on to the next step but not necessarily broken down that much.
A good, clearly-taught course. I feel like I've learned a lot and am CERTAINLY more confident with SQL than I was starting out. I'd be interested in an advanced course by the same people. My only beef with the course was that some of the questions in the graded quizzes weren't clearly written, and this gave me a lot of grief (thus, 4 stars). Please consider vetting the questions.
Good overall course, I like the order of topics introduced and they're application to real world events. My only request for this course is that the topics go a little more in depth (explanation of more complex examples) and that there could be an optional video to watch where the instructor does the coding quizzes, and explains their reasoning behind the queries they create.
This course covers many great issues.My only problem with this course is the way tackle SQL on the first  4 videos. I think I totally gut confused. After, I read some articles which provided on reading material I fully understand the concept.My suggestion is to change the sequence of some videos and put these videos after the student is done with reading part. Thank you
The modules are carefully planned and precise. The reading materials are really helpful to get a better understanding of the subjects, and the quizzes at the end of each week are thorough and cover every important point. The one thing I can think of that can be improved is the way the teacher is presenting the lessons, it is unfortunately a little bit monotonous.
Thanks to this course I've found a job as data analyst, and now I write sql queries every day, which eventually make me sick of the select......from.....inner join*n......group by......lol Anyway it's a very efficient course that gives you all the necessary building blocks in a week (I finished it within several days). And the rest is gained gradually from work.
This is a great opportunity for a beginner to learn the basics of SQL for data analysis. I'm confident that I can put SQL on my resume now! The end of the course is pretty worrisome though. It takes a few days after you've submitted your final for other people to finall review yours. You'll end up doing wayyy more reviews just to get others to review yours.
It is a good course for beginners who are not familiar with SQL. You don't need to install anything but can still practice through the quiz to enhance the basic commands.The problem is there are some mistakes in the course material and these wrong explanations may be misleading for the students who are new and don't have sufficient knowledge of SQL.
I thought the course was, by and large, effective at communicating the lessons. The weekly quizzes and practice elements were also great. My only sticking point was in the final assignment. Having to update a .txt file (which is notoriously difficult to format) and review others' .txt files makes for a bumpy experience for the final assignment
Content is fine but I feel that the last peer review assignment could be improved by adding much elaborate data definitions and metadata to give better clarity about concept of fields. Just UML diagram doesn't suffice for in depth analysis. Also, please allow a better sql editor to use, just one query at a time is bothersome. P.S: Good job!
I'm totally new to SQL and even as a beginner I found these lessons to be way too slow, assignments were interesting but the questions of the peer review were very difficult to understand. The teacher is very clear, the structure is logical and she's able to give good simple tips. I'll recommend this course for whoever wants to get into SQL
I had issues with week 3. I think the outputs should have been included with the code during the videos so the examples would be more helpful. The forums were very disorganized. I commented on a post and asked a question but didn't receive help on either. Overall, I was happy with the class and am looking forward to the next one.
This course gives a really good introduction to SQL, no pre-knowledge needed and it feels like the level reached at completion of the course is very satisfying for a 4-weeks program.The final assignment is a bit confusing and could be improved, but the lecture videos and practice quiz at the end of each module are very well done.
Liked the lessons a lot, the examns and the assignment is slightly more complicated to the queries shown on the videos though. The level of exercises shown in the video lessons should be higher so students know what to expect from the exams and assignment. Aside from that, explanations are clear and the course is very enjoyable.
Great material and videos. However, the questions on the final are ambiguous and can be very challenging, and the final as a whole can take much longer than the anticipated 2 hours. On the other hand, if you can make it through the final, you will come out with a great introductory understanding of SQL by the end of the course.
I enjoyed the course and definitely know and understand SQL statements now.  In the future, it would be helpful to provide additional tips on where to practice your SQL statements to help those of us who need that extra help.The instructor was very clear in the videos which made it easy to follow.  Thanks for a great course!
The course was informative and well- structured. However, I wish the course had more example problems in the lecture videos. I also wish the lecture sides showed the results of each query instead of just listing out the query. Overall, I feel like I had a good overview of SQL and some rudimentary knowledge on utilizing SQL.
The course is easy to follow, well-explained and have enough hands-on to reinforce what we have learnt! However, the assignment and quizzes can be improved. Sometimes the contents of the quizzes are not covered by previous videos. Over all it is a good class for both beginners and people who want to refresh SQL concepts!
Not so difficult with previous limited knowledge of SQL. Videos could be better with actually showing the output of the code that were included. First time hearing someone say SQL as 'sequel'... or is this how it's actually pronounced? Instructor had a calm and soothing voice, although her body language was messed up.
I like the course, it was well done and exposed me to many of the key features needed to continue my SQL learning.  The websites and other resources were extremely useful.  The only wish there were more opportunities to practice SQL coding, maybe guidance to another site with questions, or more sample quizzes.Thanks,
If the final assignment was not so ambiguous (many questions are misworded leading to wrong SQL codes, it is almost impossible to decipher what is being asked exactly) this course would have got 5 stars from me. Otherwise I liked the pace of the material other than maybe Week 1 and I enjoyed the coding quizzes.
The course was great up until the final assignment which was very ambiguous. It was also a shame that they used such an old version of SQLite, where many functions are not available. However, I feel that it did fulfill the goal, which is to make their students be perfectly prepared for SQL in Data Science.
It was a very good course. A person with no prior knowledge of SQL can easily learn this course. I would like to suggest that for certain sections like joins, date-time, the course provider may consider introducing some animation into the lecture videos to illustrate how data is being linked/extracted.
The course is good but lacks proper explanation of queris and required some more illustrative way to show the handling of queries in videos.Requires proper graphics and additional programming interface to sshow and run the various queries discussed by the tutor in the videos for better understanding.
Expect peer review section this course was good. That peer review section confuses a person that how to do the task and what needs to submit. So in the place of this peer review include completed a problem data along with instruction and some hints and grade that as other assignments of this course.
The contents are very accessible and well done, as well the support tool for exercise is great!However, you should consider to improve the final assignment questions. They are not clear and the database needs a code book with the metadata. It was tough to get the meaning of each field and tables.
As introduction to SQL , I have found it very useful and well structered in order to get a better a grasp on the topic. The only thing I will improve is the part concerning self joins which by the examples shown in the videos I didn't get all. Maybe add more examples. To sum up, very good course.
Great place to start if you have absolutely no SQL experience. Videos are well paced and thorough. The final project could use some cleanup--as indicated by the forums full of people asking the same questions. I'd take another in the series if it started around the level of windowing functions.
How can i say about this course. Overall, course isn't bad, neutral. Tutor's pronunciation and English is so good and accurate and she always try to explain the course in detail. Disadvantage of this course, it is so theoretical and doesn't have many practical explaining during the lesson.
Course gives very good info for beginners. I just wish there were more exercises between lessons. I felt overwhelmed by all the informations that I had to memorise before doing test at the end of each week. I think having more tests in between lessons would help me better memorise things.
The course is very good for a sql starter to get to know the coding world. I would recommend any starter in our company to take this course. However the final assignment is a bit confusing and peer grading created a lot of stress... that's the only reason for the 4 score instead of 5...
I like the overall look, feel, and organization of the course. It was well paced and simple to understand. I struggled at times with coding questions as some are very ambiguous and there isn't always an easy way to find guidance in the forums. Overall, though, I was very pleased.
Overall a good course for the starters in SQL in Dtaa Science filed, however I felt it could be some more hands-on oriented with some more examples, and it was mainly of lecture contents, rather things could be shown visually for a better understanding. Thank You for the videos.
Would have loved to see more live videos of how to do stuff. There could have also been an SQL initial setup tutorials in the system which would have been more beneficial on how to setup a relational database. But, I was able to learn the basics of SQL and how it works overall.
Very good course for beginners to start and specially for people without any programming background. The assignment provided at the end of every module give a very good exercise for practice. Only thing is some real life examples could also have been included in the lectures.
I really appreciate the way SQL is taught in this course. The only limitation is that if the coding given by the student does not match the coding in the answer , then it is displayed as incorrect. However the coding might be technically right and generate the same output.
The amount of content that is covered in this course is very comprehensive. The videos are precise and very useful. The practice tests and weekly assignments are very helpful. The peer review assignment was very poorly worded and ambiguous. Other than that good job guys !
Please add a video in the course for instruction on installing any SQL Studio to computer. More practice exercises are needed in the course itself. Some of the videos in 3rd and 4th week were were hard to understand without proper examples. Overall a good course. Thanks!
For some people don't care about assignments, so they don't take the time to review the work of other properly. Two of three take time and they reviews my work and the last didn't care about and he gave me a bad score! It is not fare! I took the right time to do it well
This course is a perfect start for those who have no basis for SQL to learn basic statements and possible applications. However, the lecture videos are too short and do not provide enough examples. I have to spend much more time googling before doing any assignments.
I think the course is well designed for intorduction to sql language for  data science. One more thing about the course is that I cannot open and use the sqlite. If there is a bit more information about the usage of sqlite, it will be great. Thanks for this course !
Good lecture very helpful as for people who are new to SQL. The only thing that I would recommend is to give more explanations in quizzes. I wasted two days asking for help for the support just because i thought there was an error in the settings of the website
Very good practical exercises, while the lectures are worse. Lecturer mostly reads text written on slides, therefore learner need additionally to read some information online with more examples to have more clear picture and be ready for practical assignment.
I personally found the course really helpful. I recently started working on SAS and this SQL course came in handy. I'm planning on taking a course on SAS now. I'd recommend this course to anyone who wants to get started with SQL, it's a pretty basic course.
The material in the course was good and very useful, clearly structured. The only comment I would give that I didnt like the way material was presented, you could feel that it was read not told and presenter was inexperienced with reading from the screen.
The course was very interesting and the assignments were also engaging. However, it would have been even better if Sadie would code in SQL while giving the lectures. This would have provided a better understanding of how to approach a particular problem.
It's a great beginner level class. It only covers SQLite, which means you don't get some basic statements like WITH, which I use regularly. But I did get introduced to a few new ideas, and Sadie does a fine job emphasizing working in a thoughtful manner.
As someone who's completely new to SQL, I learned a lot.However, Week 3's content on Subqueries could have been better explained.Overall, I recommend you the course if you are new to SQL like me. If you know a bit already, this might be too easy for you.
The exercises in the course helped give me practice for which I am giving this a 4 star. Teaching SQL on video without real time practice was weird. Found myself going to websites like w3 schools so keep that in mind if you're considering this course.
Generally a helpful course. The biggest problem I think is providing enough examples. There are many examples in the slides but the results are not provided. I think showing both codes and the results will help people to grasp the concept more easily.
I learnt coursera of Managing Big Data with SQL at Duke before. This course needs more practices in real cases compared with Duke. It only has basic statements on using SQLlite and simple real cases. I recommend Duke's course first then this course.
Nicely instructed by Sadie St. Lawrence.Way the things are explained with examples helped me to understand the topics better.I felt a little more explanation on Normalization and understanding the ER diagrams would have been could have been better
Sadie is a great teacher.  This course is strong on theory.  I would have liked to have had direct access to the data sets that I could use with other SQL tools but did not find this limiting in learning what was taught.  A good foundation.
Very useful for me at my career moment. This is a good SQL course if you're a beginner to intermediate SQL user wanting to update or learn some SQL. But if your are already a advanced SQL user I feel the course might be too basic for you.
The videos are aweomse. I would have loved a little bit more material, e.g. a short summary of all the SQL entries discussed in the course. In addition, I think there was quite big jump of difficulty between week 4 and the peer assigment.
some quizes or coding tasks were worded pretty badly and were confusing to many students. It needs to be reviewed and edited. Also, more practice tasks between the videos would be a lot more helpful rather than giving 10 videos in a row.
The course structure is so very well laid out that on reaching the final week, I am hungry to learn more and more concepts and practical uses of SQL. I also feel that there should be more examples and coding assignments to practice.
I think i lreant quite a lot more from really googling. The course is an excellent framework, but you will need to reference a lot of external sources, for clarity, and for really understanding and aplpying the concepts you learn.
Good course to learn SQL queries. I think it will be helpful for someone who wants to  pursue a career in data science. Final assignment and quizzes however were very confusing and not in line with what was taught in the videos.
A good introduction to SQL. The first few weeks were very informative and easy to follow, however week 3 and week 4 seemed disjointed. Some topics were covered very briefly, so I feel like my understanding Is not quite complete.
very nice course and good explanationwould have been nice if a summary document would have been provided at the end of each module to be able to look up content more easy and have a guide when writing applications later in time
I think the peer-reviewed assignment should be only on the last portion of the last project for the custom data analysis part only. Because the other questions are very technical and can accelerate the process of grading :)
I enjoyed the course and learnt quite a lot in a relatively short time. My only critic is that I felt there was a gap between the depth with which each topic was cover in the lectures and the complexity of the final exam.
It was a great experience to have a course. It was my first ever course as Online. I am thinking that the journey has started and it will never end. I also have selected the next course that I will complete in the next.
I believe this course focused entirely on retrieving data and no emphasis was given on creating or modifying tables. If these topics would have been included then it can come out as a complete package for learning SQL
This is a great course for beginners. One of the things which can be improved is to have more practice questions to use all the concepts introduced in the lectures. For example: I did not get a lot of chance to create
I have prior knowledge on SQL as a programmer. However after studying this course I got a another flavor of SQL from the Data Science point of view. I loved this course and the trainer as well. Thank you coursera.
Some examples in the later part of the course is a bit difficult to understand for those with limited programming background. Few broken down, step by step examples of complex queries will be highly appreciated.
The first two modules are okay and easy to understand, but the last two modules are little bit confusing, and from my perspective,  the instructor is simply reading the script rather than teaching a lesson.
The course content itself was awesome! Be ready for some technical glitches though. As long as you pay close attention to the forum, you should be fine. Overall, I would definitely recommend this course.
I think the peer review exercise is a great way to test your learned skills. The lectures are easy to understand but I think it would be better if you added more info about the structure of ER diagrams.
As an introductory course is well designed and well explained. The supplement lectures were of great help. Maybe a little introduction to Analytical Functions should help to make it completely awesome!
Overall the content is good and the tutor is also good in the explanation the codes and concepts. One suggestion there should be a more practical example and as well as how to run a query on a dataset.
Although several concepts are not explained very clearly and a number of assessment questions are unclearly worded, this course is otherwise an excellent introduction to understanding and applying SQL.
The course is nice but I suppose the PowerPoint presentation that accompanies it could use some effects to show us the clauses one by one, as they are spoke. That would make understanding them easier.
Good course for beginners.- classes are fine- quizzes evaluate quite well your understanding I think- the final assessment contains plenty of VERY ambiguous questions and I think it should be reworked
Please Included examples while the instructor is teaching in the video lectures. The instructor is very talented in teaching but due to lack of examples in the video it downgrades the overall course.
Did not need to be a peer review assessment, most of the tests lacked creativity and could be automated. The peer review component should just apply to the creative components that can be expanded.
The contents and explanations on the course are good, even for people with no previews coding experience (like me)... Would be great to have a better structured way of work for the final excercise
Great course for beginners, very clear and instructor share useful tips. The only reason I don't give it 5 stars is because I think there could be more material related to date and time functions.
Videos are a bit lengthy course could be shorter by 10-20% from a time perspective with the content staying the same. Overall good course for anyone that need to learn or to refresh their skills.
Presentation was Nice, But Skipped few basic concepts in the beginning like types of DBMS and how why we use RDBMS in particular.Also could have explained better on few topics in Week 4 sessions
It's so pitying that we can send more than one time our end test. That decreases the quality and credibility of the end certification.But the course is very well done: nice teacher and content!
Nice that it doesn't expect us to know SQL and programming well. But not nearly enough exercises to understand how to do the queries well. I am feeling lost on the practice tests especially.
A well-structured course for those who are eager to gain knowledge about SQL.The activity, test, and the mentor are very good and the best part is they showcase a bit of industry knowledge.
Great course, with well explained notion, well documented. The only thing I could add is that some exercises could be updated. Creates confusion when trying to solve. Great presentation.
great beginner class and also teaches critical logic thinking, which is what most business want out of Analysis type of jobs or Data Science in general, something useful and actionable.
There were a handful of errors in the video lecture's text on screen and lecturing. Some parts were hard to follow because of that. Otherwise the assignments and material was helpful!
Great course work! Loved the pace of the course and the examples. The instructors speech was pleasing and easy to understand. Would have loved more difficult SQL queries for practice.
Thank you to everyone who is in charge of this course. But the training platform is not good and does not support all orders sql and there must be training after each lesson. Thanks
A great course to get started with SQL.The course is well structured and the pace is just fine!Coding questions at the end of the module really help in testing the concepts learnt.
Very good explanations during the course, but we were working with data that weren't making sense, like texts data types.A lot of records without real foreign key in their tables.
I am a beginner for this course.This course build my knowledge in sql. Joins topic was little bit tough.other than that ,I understand everything.I enjoyed this course very much.
its a good course to learn basic SQL but it teaches SQLite which pretty much the same as SQL with few changes. The course is good with many assignments but the test was tough.
THE COURSE IS SO MUCH COMPACT AND EASY TO UNDERSTAND FOR THE BEGINNERS. THE VIDEOS ARE VERY MUCH COMPACT AND SHORT SO ONE CAN EASY UNDERSTAND WITHOUT LOOSING HIS\HER PATIENCE.
Actual course was interesting and engaging. The final assignment had questions that were not written with enough detail. I was also offended by language used by a reviewer.
Great course. Helps to learn the fundamentals but there are not enough opportunities to really practice the coding aspect, which is what I wanted to get out of the course.
The course explains essentials of SQL well but practice assignments should be placed after every video containing some new SQL syntax to consolidate acquiring knowledge.
Great course for SQL, still pretty beginner level, but would recommend some previous SQL experience here as the section on joins and sub-queries is a little challenging.
Very nice training videos. The assessment in the end was a bit far from the training but maybe it is also the question of knowing the data and practice of assessments.
Video's were very helpful and well organised. The end assignment however was badly phrased and overall confusing. Therefore it took way longer than the stated 2 hours.
The course is interactive and apt for beginners. The pace is perfect. The flow of the course and the way to guide us to the right answers in the quiz could be better.
Sadie did a great job with explain SQL concepts. Only thing I didnt like was peer review assignment for which I had to beg people to review mine to get mine graded.
This course is extremely helpful,4 start for that.Only if it had assignments along with the sample data to measure the range of our learning will be much helpful.
Lectures build at a slow, comfortable pace, but be prepared to discuss things on the message board, and read classmates' comments, or the quizzes will rock you.
Great Course and instruction. Gave enough information to easily get started and also many resources to help increase your knowledge. Assignments were relevant.
I wish there were more practice exercises in between the videos. It would also be more helpful if there were more visuals/animations to accompany the lessons.
More exercise will be much better. For now, it is not enough for the learner to apply their skills learned in this course so they cannot master their skills.
Great for begginers, I'd suggest to learn with W3 school sql tutorial in parallel  as it has more concrete  examples and functions you can try by yourself.
Overall this course is quite good to get a first understanding of SQL. Although i missed some more explanations or examples for complex data analysis.
The course is useful, but in my opinion there must be added more practice during the course and way more examples and explanations in week 3 module.
Some if the query running environments were not working on an iPAD. So it was very difficult to complete get answers. Otherwise this course is good.
This Course got me started from 0 to 99 . VERY HELPFUL COURSE .The project gave me an outline which will help me to set any data with right steps .
Great course, but maybe could use a bit more practice materials between lectures so you keep coding along and learning what you see in the lectures
I think the course is a very good overall complement while learning SQL, one thing I would like to see it some type of a live coding real problems.
Everything was fine and easy to follow. Unfortunately the final exam question's were not really clear and easy to unterstand, so this makes it 4/5.
Perfectly prepared. Some tasks in the assignment were boring and tedious (listing number of rows for all tables; getting the non-null attributes).
A good introduction to SQL with interactive videos. Maybe I will improve the playground a bit so we can practice more queries along the process.
Goor refresher or basic start. Personally I found the use of http://www.sqlitetutorial.net very hepful for this course, more so than the slides.
The questions in the final assignment were quite difficult to understand and the overall course took longer than the estimated amount of hours.
Great course for SQL beginners. The course takes us through all the basic syntax, thus helping us develop the ability to query large datasets.
The course should have also provided an opportunity of code along with the videos. And output of all the the codes in the video is not shown.
The course was a great introduction to SQL and the peer reviewing process is a great initiative. The course was well paced and well designed.
Worth doing. Perhaps i missed more elaborate query examples and devote more time to the creation and  reading of other (external) databases.
I think videos should have more information, as some questions are such that finding answers is not straight forward. But very good course!
The final assignment, at certain parts is not very clear maybe it's time to update it based on review and repeated question from the forum
Overall good, the questions in the assessment were confusing at some points. I would look at editing those to be more specific to the ask.
Nice course with good pacing. Though it is a bit simple and going through other functions like window function will be really useful.
Lectures should be more engaging and easy to visualize.Some parts of final assignment were vague.But I learned a lot,that's for sure.
It was good for who start the learning for the 1st time.For the beginners it helps a lot for their skill to understand and to learn.
Some glitchy issues with the quizzes, etc. and some funky results in the rubric for the assignment.  However, overall quite useful!
The Course content is awesome. The instructor explained the SQL concepts very well. Best place to start with SQL for Data Science.
Overall it's excellent. However, there is no introduction to the software installation and this frustrates me a lot as a beginner.
This course offers a fundamental knowledge about SQL, very easy to follow.Everyone can learn this course, even secondary student.
Good course, but in my opinion it should be less general talking and more coding examples:) thank you for sharing the knowledge:)
Surprisingly good teaching. The course was well structured and I felt like I got a solid foundation in using SQL query building.
This course is designed with a lot of effort and is surely for a industry ready approach .assignments are also at a good level.
Solid basics provided throughout the course. However, mentors' and instructor's activity in the discussion forum is not enough.
The course is very well framed,i like the way the teacher delivers her data to us. Thumbs up!Thank you Coursera for such a gem!
The only thing I would add to the course is a how to install sql database management platform. Otherwise, it is a great curse
a brilliant course. a few more examples and simulations needed and how the output looks like should be included in the videos
this course will very help full. please give some coding examples along with answers. that will help us  to understand more.
Some more practice excercises could be useful. The explanations are very good and the pace of the lessons is easy to follow.
I like this course , it's cover all the topics with proper assignments that help me to improve my sql skills.Thanks Coursera
The course was pretty well compiled and presented. However, would have liked if they had gone more in depth into the topics
This is a comprehensive  SQL course. It might take a bit more time to complete the assignments than stated by its creators.
Mostly good- the week with joins was rough (made too many conceptual leaps, didn't make sense with prior course knowledge).
I think you should allow audit people also to look into the quiz results, Its a good course and i really enjoy the learning
The course is good for Data science. It would good to add more concepts like  store procedures, functions and index .. etc
A great introduction to aggregating and extracting data from data tables with the data scientist as the intended audience.
Loved it! But sometimes they used terms that are not explained before and there are small and few mistakes in the videos.
The course helped me understand the basic concepts in SQL which are required to be a good data scientist. Thank you Team.
I've learn a lot about retrieving data and writing simple query. Really Useful course to learn how to handle lot of data.
More Practice sessions with real world complex SQL queries are requested, to build confidence for interviews and the like
Great experience! I learnt more about data and how to manage data as well. Yes! It helps m in improve my database skills
it was well structured but it could have been better. at times i felt i needed more examples. but overall it was good.
It would be more helpful if there were examples step by step during the courses, so I would do them live in my SQLite
Excellent primer course for SQL. While the primary language used is SQLite, it is highly interchangeable with MySQL,
this course complete for  beginner where he or she can understand the concept and there are lot of thing to learn .
If there were more videos for the operation on computer, it would be more helpful for me to understand the lecture.
Good material for beginners. I wish there are more practice quizzes and real life application or problem solving.
Some slides are wrong. Some info need to be updated. Some Q/A are just based on EXACTLY what the instructor said.
A little more practical examples and exercises with a consistent dataset throughout would have been appreciated.
Good Course, could have been more elaborate but the instructor was very friendly and a unique way of teaching.
The course provides simplicity and an entry-level understanding to write complex SQL queries for data science
some of the questions  were not written so clear but oevrall im sutisfy with the result and with the lvl work
good learning curve.good for complete beginners to explore on SQLThe use cases and assignment were top notch.
Quiet through course focusing on brushing your SQL that can be applied further for Data Science & Analytics.
It was a very beneficial course for me and also my first online course with Coursera which I have completed.
The course is really good. I assume it would be great if professionals can also review our final assignment.
good, the language used for this explanation is very simple & anyone can learn sql from this course easily
Would be good to have a little more examples and coding exercices during the course to assimilate better.
The materials are ok, the presenter although could've read his stuff in advance as she keeps stuttering.
Providing more links for exercises would be really beneficial for those who wants to master the concept.
More questions can be added in quizes. Quiz every week could be divided in simple, medium and hard quiz.
It is a useful sql course. But I did not see much connection between sql and data science in the course.
It was awesome. But please do add the pdfs in Resources, it will be quite helpful when referencing back
Overall, a great course. However, there are not many quizzes for practice and tasks for coding practice
Nice course for starters, but it would be much better if there were more exercises, and given datasets.
good video and coding practice. But this course will be 5 star if have more coding practice. Thank you
Need more practice for complex coding. The coding assignment, except to the yelp case, are too simple.
It  was fun learning a new language and very well covered with examples of the format on the queries.
very well explained. Instructor is good .everyone aspiring to learn sql,must study this course first.
great start for begginers, well explained and well organized.loved thw practice excercises in the end
Really a good course for a beginner who wants to establish basic foundation on sql . Thanks to sadie.
more practicals to explain the concept will be better rather than theory. please add more practicals
Really nice course. Concepts are very nicely explained. Love the lecture delivery of the Instructor!
The Course should be in more detailed as few topics are too hard to understand in 4-5 minutes video.
An intensive, challenging but very useful course for beginner level to build up essential technique
Excellent, but needs more material to practice coding. It's hard to practice if you're new to this
Course need more example and practice and also try to make it more fun. It is a little bit boring!
Concepts are clearly explained. But video tutorials might not be good enough for practicing coding
Does the job of teaching SQL skills, that can be always topped up with other courses and exercise.
A nice course.. I liked very much, go with it if you are having interest in data science and SQL
Few more things on Data Science would've been good. Overall the course experience was very good.
Course was indeed very good but certain topics will require more explanation with more examples.
Great class. Felt a little lost at first, but feel like I got a great basic understanding of SQL
A quick and thorough introduction to SQLite. Straightforward content and useful coding quizzes.
i liked it, it had simple explanations that helped to understand the proposed topics thank you
Course content and lectures were great but the peer-reviewed final was poorly written and conc
It a good course. Maybe its a good idea to provide more spaces to write queries in each part.
Great for beginners up to intermediate and even professionals that missed some of the basics
hope can mark the assignment by tutors if there is no classmate to mark before the deadline
I had expected to see more examples in the field of data science. All in all a good course.
Good for beginner! The content is comprehensive and detailed. I would recommend to others,
The course shows some things very shallow, some more exercises o readings would help a lot
The final assignment could have been a bit more clear in terms of wording the questions.
Excellent course. But could have specified more on DML or adding data into table as well
This course was one of the great courses so far, very clearly explained understandable.
The material coverage of the course is very good and just enough to get things started!
Best introduction to SQL I have taken. The approach is quite good and straight forward.
The final grade was connected with data analysis but the theory in the course wasn't
Great overview on SQL concepts, specially for those who don't work on a daily base
Very Good course and instructor is very knowledgeable.. Well instructed course..
teaching the joins should be more effective  and the rest of the course is good.
It a very good platform to learn something thing different from the other things
Great course, although final peer-reviewed assignment seems a little bit odd.
Thanks for nice course. But I would assign more exercises during the course.
Lectures were good, final assignment was not great i.e. confusing in parts.
In the last part of the course I was expecting more advanced notions of SQL
I felt the final assignment was out of tone with the in-course assignments
Good introduction to SQL syntax. Felt more comfortable after this course.
This course teach me how to code SQL in order to query the data you want.
Nice course which will give a good understanding about SQL from basics..
Good not great. Definitely helped me grasp core concepts of SQL queries.
the course is great but the final assignment is annoying and not serious
Course is great but more time needs to be dedicated to the coding part.
Basic overview of SQL querying - not necessarily data science specific.
Just don't do part 2 and 3 of Peer-graded Assignment and you are fine.
A very good course for basic understanding about SQL and Data Science.
Would have liked more problem solving and In class work on SQL code.
Generally it was a good course, but the last exam could be improved.
I guess if the professor explain on the software, was more tangible
Peer-review assignment was not necessary. Everything else was good.
I learned SQL for Data Science with joy-full it was amazing course
Pretty helpful for a beginner, The course is designed pretty well.
Very good course for beginner to start with SQL .Great learnig..!!
The difficulty level of the peer-graded assignment should be less.
Week 3 is not clear at all. The other 3 weeks are well explained.
SQL course was very informative and useful to start data science.
This course was very informative and refreshed all basics of SQL.
The introduction to "aggregate function" should be more detailed.
It is good to learn the course very for data scientist aspirants
the course was awesome with clear and best possible instructions
Good lectures.  The final project has some problematic wording.
Really good course if you never been exposed to SQL previously.
I feel that having a background in SQL helps with this course.
Good intro, but a little more SQL coding would be appreciated.
I think the tool can use sql server which most people used.
This Course is very nice and sessions are very informative.
It is a great first step for people who start learning SQL
Cource was good and provides platform for handson parctice
it has really opened my eyes in the field of Data science
Need More Informations on Data Grouping with llarger data
The wording of the quiz and projects needs to be improved
Thank your Coursera, it's really useful and informative!
SQL exercises could have been better, Teaching was good!
I really thank full, It was great learning experience...
Should include more exercises but good in overall sense
sql is best language for improve your technical skills
Nice course for beginners.learnt a lot.it is also fun
Great for learning the basics of SQL. Thanks Sadie!
Nice course for who wants to build the basis of SQL
Excellent Course to get into it. Beginner friendly!
the final was a bit confusing - could be more clear
This course give me the first view of SQL. So great
Some More Advanced topics could've been introduced.
Needs supplementary resources to learn effectively.
it was a good course. especially for beginners !
Some parts were not covered with enough details.
From the middle to the end is too fast paced ...
Excellent Course! Nice Quizzes and Assignments.
More tough examples should be given the class.
Good start for SQL, hard to finish in 4 weeks.
So easy and flexible thankyou for teaching me
Going through all aspects of SQL. Nive course
The course if very good for beginners in SQL.
It was a very educative course. I enjoyed it.
The content ad assignment of course are good.
It provided a great insight to basics of SQL
Good for gain experience in Business Problem
wonderful course for those starting with sql
Would be better with more hands on examples
Very helpful in covering the basics of SQL.
overall nyc but hve to provide more quizes
perfect course for learning sql from basic
you can learn SQL basics with this course.
Great course. Very interesting tutorials.
Could have better example! overall useful
Nice for beginners.... clear basic of SQL
Great Beginner course. Highly Recommend.
actually the course is good for beginner
Could have been clearer in many aspects
Awesome experience to learn sql server
Great course to embark on SQL journey
Good Skill  for SQL  for Data Science
nice teacher  & good information flow
Very useful session for SQL beginners
Course is satisfactory for beginners
best and simple way of teaching sql
Nice. Could include more examples.
Great course, I have learned a lot
waiting for peer review is a pain
It was very helpful. Thanks a lot
It would be great helpful for the
Good introductory course on SQL.
AMAZING COURSE TO LEARN SQL !!!
Areallynicecourseforbeginners!
Amazing and innovative course
The course was very engaging
Great course for beginners!!
Need more query assignments
This course was really good
Nice Course for beginner
its a very good course.
we need more examples
It was really good.
Was a Great course!
more coding please
good to begin with
Very food course
Its GOOD
Eas
This course has really helped with optimizing queries that I work with everyday, enhancing my understanding of RDBMS, joins, analyzing and structuring exactly what you need and yielding those results.
This course is designed with beginners in mind, and it is an excellent introduction to SQL. I intend to further my knowledge of SQL after taking this course. The instructor did a terrific job.
Great course i had a very good learning experience from this course and what i was expecting from this course i got that knowledge and i am very happy to take this course. thank you so much.
Well the examples were very accurate for the course. I liked the final assessment specially it was a very good practice
To improve the technical skills this course mostly helpfull for the sql database.
A nice course to get introduced to writing SQL queries in Data science. Provides hands on exercises that boost confidence. Genuinely appreciate the ease with which SQL topics are covered
Well crafted course for a beginner. You dont need any prior knowledge of programming or other languages like C. The course pushes you to read about SQL from other sources as well. The quizzes are also designed well for enhanced learning. The final assignment was also interesting as it requires you to work like a data scientist, design your own problem and solve it. Final word: Go for this course if you're looking for a basic introduction to SQL.
Better than I hoped for. I learned everything I needed in order to feel competent in the basics of SQL. It was just the right amount of instruction and challenge, perfect for a beginner like me.
This course was good because it teaches you many keywords that are used for practical application in the world of data science. I definitely feel more confident with SQL after finishing this course.
In general, the course is not bad, but there are a number of disadvantages, ranging from minor to serious omissions. I wanted to give the course 3 stars, but the last homework was quite fun and productive (you can put 4.5, according to the rules of mathematics, round to 5, but with a very large advance). The basic skills were acquired during the last assignment.
First, about the benefits of the course:

1+ In the course, you can practice on real data without using other software, it is really useful and productive;
2+ Theoretical aspects are more than enough;
3+ Theoretical tests correspond to the lecture materials.

Now to the disadvantages (there are still more of them), first to the serious ones:

1- There is a lot of so-called "Water", information that is completely unimportant and purely theoretical. Almost the entire first week was devoted to theory ("Why is this subject important? Separation of duties among employees, etc.). I think the course would have done well without these materials. Often, one fourth of the length of each video is an explanation of what we will be studying today. I think , the student wants to quickly learn important material for him.

2- The first 2 weeks of coding looks very good, easy to understand and solve for yourself. But something strange happened on week 3, the tasks became much more complicated, they did not correspond to the lecture materials, where theoretical material was mainly given. Week 4 has already been done normally. Probably, without prompts (sometimes direct), I could not have done these tasks. It was very difficult!

3- The course is rather short (only 4 weeks), little time is devoted to programming, there is not enough practice, maybe it was even worth adding a small invaluable practice after each video.

4- The lecturer tried to convey the idea that the usual repetition of programming steps may be ineffective. Unfortunately, today, nothing is better than "I copy after the lecturer, who explains something in parallel, and then independently practice it on real data." The lecturer's methodology was not the most effective; nevertheless, after completing the course, many questions remain.

Minor disadvantages:

- For the convenience of work, you can download the presentation of the lecture, but I think it is convenient for some students to print these lectures and work. Unfortunately, the design and background were chosen in a dark color, which is why the material after printing is inconvenient to read (-a lot of paint is wasted), it is rather difficult to correct it yourself.

- The material chosen for reading by the lecturer is slightly robotic, it is convenient to set at a speed of 1.25 or 1.5.

In any case, I was able to familiarize myself with this programming language, I was able to learn something. I think one day it will suit me. At the moment, I still prefer to work in Python and other programs. I was still able to get a certificate of completion of the course. Thanks for the course and thanks for your attention to this long comment! Hope it helps you get better! Good luck :)
It is a very introductory course on SQL. I have never learn any SQL before and I can catch everything she said. People might find it extremely easy, but in learning programming you must make sure all the basics are well known to you before using them in more complex situations.
Excellent course in all basics of SQL. 
Built-in sandbox is the most important plus of the course.
A lot of practice, a balanced number of lectures.
At the end of a good project that allows you to try out all the methods learned in the course.
Excellent.
best course for learning SQL for beginners.I learned so much from this course.the speaking language is also simple ..So i Recommended   this course for beginners who's 2nd or third language is English.
A comprehensive course that covers major aspects of query building and retrieval in a management system. The topics were delivered well and the materials/assignments were relevant for skill-building.
Great introductory to the SQL programming. This will definitely not only add another programming skill but also give me more capabilities programming in SAS. I would recommend this to anyone.
The Course was quiet  good & descriptive, yet it didn't cover a lot of SQL such as how to use its platforms and how to connect to database, also, the differences between other platforms.
This was an amazing course. I learned so much practical and application skills from the course. The lectures are great, as our the assignments and tests.Thank you for a great time!
Great course with lots of things to learn about SQL. Assignments were pretty challenging and the instructor explained the concepts nicely. A fantastic course to start with SQL.
Sadie St. Lawrence is a completely motivating person. Thank you, Sadie, for such an excellent combination of professional teaching and interesting tasks. Well-balanced course
Very clear and useful class! The outline of each module is easy to understand and follow, and the assignment is helpful to strengthen SQL skills.
Even though i have learned SQL from many sources but this is a complete package, felt completed after completing this course.
I loved this class.  It was the perfect introduction to SQL coding.  It was easy to follow and I learned a ton. -Rick
So helpful! Really helped me learn SQL on a level that I am confident enough to add it to my resume.
Good course.  The peer assignments was a bit challenging hence most interesting as well.
Comparing to other stuffs, this is really brilliant
Very nicely communicated
i want my money back
I'm fairly proficient in R and wanted to add a database language to my data science repertoire. Most data science jobs ask for SQL so I thought this was the perfect starting point for learning. I found learning the language fairly straightforward, especially because many SQL-type commands are built into R packages (like dplyr). My job has a comprehensive relational database but, I usually use a point and click interface to make queries- now that I'm more proficient I'll start using SQL though. Additionally, I was hoping to pick up SQL before starting my grad program in analytics so I can "hit the ground running" and be ready for classes focused on database management and data engineering. I was able to accomplish this without any question.I really liked the course, which is not surprising given all of Coursera's data science content is excellent. The final assignment was very thorough and helped put together lots of focused questions you might encounter using SQL as a data scientist. It really helped solidify my learning. For about $60, this was a no brainer for getting started in the language.
DO Slowly,  Build up. This is a wonderful course and you will not know when you have learnt so many things. The instructor is wonderful she explains things nicely. The people who have designed the course must be working professionals because Of their depth of understanding of the subject and knowledge.The most interesting thing about the course is you will learn a few things in a module then try your hands on. you don't even need a laptop to code because they have integrated everything on the Coursera's platform. I have watched most of the videos on my smart phone  and submitted a few assignments too.and the last part of the journey through this course for me is realization. You solve the questions given in the peer graded assignment  specially part 2 and for a person who Has been listening the terms like  PREDICTION, SENTIMENT ANALYSIS kind of stuff , Learning a few lines of codes in SQL from this  course has actually let me do them.Wonderful course Amazing teamThanks CourseraThanks Sadie St Lawrence
It was really helpful. As a beginner I really appreciated that it started right at the beginning. The videos were all easy to understand and well structured. I would recommend paying for this course to get the whole package because it really helped me to do the quizzes as well to practice. I found it helpful that it always consisted of a theoretical and a practical part.The only negative thing was the very last assignment. It took me way longer than it said it would and I had problems understanding a few things around it. Looking through the comment section it seemed like I wasn't the only one. I think it would've been helpful to have another video or text before this to prepare better for this last assignment.
I took this course with basic knowledge of SQL, that is, I had experience in programming in the MySQL language. This course helped me understand more about databases and learn more about the structured query language operators used. I created a table with data for competently building queries, and therefore the code that was given in the lectures had to be adapted to my table. But you can download the Chinook Database in the public domain, as many examples are written for this data. The training is conducted in the SQLite language, but also tells about the features of other languages.Have a nice course to everyone who wants to study it!
It was a lot of learning - not as simplified as I initially anticipated. I learned so much, and the practice quizzes as well as graded ones provided a platform for efficient amount of practice. It leads you through a course while reshaping your mindset on technology and data, if you are a beginner, and very new at this. As an ethnographic researcher from the tangible fields, shifting the qualitative thinking capacity trained from anthropology and ethnography enabled me to perceive, correctly, the difference of ethnography from the technology concepts, and adapt to a new mindset in behavioral data analysis.
Anyone with a passion in SQL can learn and comprehend this course. To excel in this course, the more you help to look at your peer's problems and resolve theirs, the more you learn on how to overcome yours faster. I think many students are a little lost when the ER diagram is not displayed in the intro for each of the video using it to teach. Overall, Professor Lawrence is awesome in her clear and easy to follow teaching. You will be challenged to think and resolve real-world project, be diligent in your own work and you'll feel your mind is growing!
Very engaging and active course. I liked how there were knowledge-based quizzes and quizzes that we had to utilize coding to complete as well. The peer-reviewed project at the end took considerably longer than I anticipated and was more difficult than I anticipated, however, I think this exercise was important for real-world learning to occur. Having this project peer-reviewed (and reviewing others) was instrumental in learning as well. The diverse set of learning and grading in this course has been excellent.
This course was really great. I enjoyed it and the lectures were detailed and right to the point. The example code in the lectures was extremely helpful, but the assignments still left room for critical thinking and creativity when writing code. If you are looking to learn SQL for the first time, and you already have some programming background, this will be a quick course for you. If you haven't programmed before, you may find this a little more challenging, especially the Peer Review Assignment.
I took this course without having any background in programming; I had never written a single line of code.  This course is fantastic for beginners like me who saw the power of SQL and the potential of SQL to solve current business needs.  Completing this course has empowered me to take more computer science classes; I now KNOW that learning a programming language is not impossible, and when one understands the principles and power of SQL, an entire new window of caree
I really enjoyed this class! The instructor broke everything down in a way that made it easy understand and fun to learn. I also thought the exercises were also very helpful in making the material easy to learn the material we had just reviewed. I looked forward to completing my course every week! Thank you for making this class so enjoyable! If this instructor is teaching another course that's relevant to Data Science, I'll absolutely be taking that course!
Simple and straightforward introduction to SQL for business-oriented/frontend-facing end users (data analysts, data scientists). Very good as a refresher for those, like myself, who have been exposed to SQL in the past but did not have much opportunity to use it. Instructor covers the course material without overloading with technical jargon, and mentions best practices, which some courses lack (material addresses the 'how', not necessarily the 'why').
I'm so satisfied with this course! Good structure, a lot of practical tasks and examples. In parallel, I solve hackerrank tasks and this course gave me everything to pass it easy.Really appreciate final peer-review assingment, it looks close to real-life analytics and was a little bit challenging for me. But I had so much pleasure done it) So strange pronunciation of SQL)) But I thank you a lot for this course and sharing your knowledge.
Great introductory course. My only complaint is that the lecture has a level of difficulty 1 out of 5 and the practise quizzes are 4-5, so upon reaching the quizzes of the week, personally I would get discouraged but after some grinding, I would solve them and feel confident about my understanding on SQL. But, I wish there would be some bridging between the lectures and quizzes and some tutorial for sqlite environment.
Being a beginner it was worthwhile to learn things and this course I think was designed in a way that can be understand my even a laymen. If you can spend a little more time learning concepts and practicing only then will you be able to have a clear understanding which helps build a lot of confidence. This is my experience and if it happened to me I'm sure you will also experience the same.All the best! God Speed Guys!
fantastic course, perfect for beginners, gained a lot of confidence to go into SQL and DATA SCIENCE.  though sometime feeling lost during weekly assignments and final assignment (which is just awesome), the tip is stick to lectures and solving quiz in the way she told - think about your problem, build slowly, check results intermittently while writing your complete query... they all help you. thank you instructor.
This was my favorite Coursera course so far. The instruction was slow and light enough to understand. The instructor did not present the material as overcomplicated, even if it was complicated. I really liked the additional links, and the intermittent quizzes.The modules and quizzes were instrumental in my learning because they gave me hands on practice. I look forward to continuing my learning. Thank you so much!
This course is perfect for my level as a beginner. However, the real study time is more than 20hrs as it was supposed to be. To learn deeply and actually understand the content, there should be some effort to self-learn and practice the concept. It is useless if just watch the video and click multiple choices, you must go around on the Internet, read more materials, create your own example and practice the code.
Clearly-explained, organised lecture flow and materials, easy to follow, not burdened with great details for beginners while emphases are made on crucial aspects of database management with SQL. The course fuels motivations for learning outside of the class. For a no confusion foundation on SQL, this is a great course as it really builds in me the confidence to claim a new skill and to take on my own project!!
Really enjoyed. Didn;t need to install anything, the practice questions were good. The best part was the peer graded assignment, i would have loved another peer graded assignment. But It was brilliantly taught by Sadie, also loved the fact that she gave many times her experience in real world project, that she use this a lot working on real time, this gave us a feel to the use of SQL in real world projects.
thank you very very much for your excellent work with us and the many information data you given it to us , i learned so much in this course i understand why we use SQL and How use it and how it can help us to work with our data and how i can retrieve  or filtering data , manipulating  data , using mathematics operators , aggregation function , case statement and many ad many thank you very much :) 3>
I accessed this course just to evaluate this as a potential course for my colleagues who have working knowledge of SQL (running stored procedures but not writing own queries). This course is good for anyone who does not even know what SQL is. I like the instructor too, her pace is adequate and ability to transfer knowledge is high. Definitely recommend this course to anyone who works on "data"
The course was well structured and covered all the basics needed to know with SQL. The instructor was clear and taught in an understandable manner. Ability to run SQL queries on the same environment of quizzes and assignments should be highlighted. The only negative point is with peer graded assignment as some questions are not very clear and even the answer given for grading is not specific.
A great course for anyone looking for the basics of basic stuff regarding SQL. The pacing is perfect for an introductory course as well as I am actually surprised how the assignments allow you to experiment with your own SQL codes as well as the last assignment which has questions which depend on how you would analyze the situation. Kudos to the teacher for making it a pleasurable experience!
Up to this point, this is the best SQL course that I've ever taken. Not only does it give students a ton of practice with SQL code, but it also tests students on SQL and database concepts and on what to do in common SQL-related situations. In other words, this course covers both the "how" and the "why" with an ideal proportion for each instead of placing too much focus on just one of those.
Pretty good course, will definitely help those who are wanted to learn basic fundamentals and key concepts of SQL to be used in Data Science life cycle. This course is pretty useful and most of required information has been covered in this course. If you are looking to learn basic aspects of SQL for Data Science, then this is definitely for you, just go for it and have fun learning !!!!
This course is very interesting. It starts with basics and explains to a great extent. Every concept is clearly explained. I found the assignments very helpful. There is one practice assignment and then an assignment for grading for each module which is very helpful as question-level starts with basics and goes till advance covering every part of that topic.I enjoyed doing this course.
The course was overall knowledgeable. It helped me to understand parts of SQL that wasn't clear for me. It was a lot or reading, videos to watch and a lot of coding. I for one prefer the coding, and that is what kept me going throughout the course. Thanks for allowing me the opportunity to take part in this course with coursera and I will be recommending this platform to my peers
Very good structured course, for me that was a beginner with no experience on SQL was very easy to understand things, some of the exercises were demanding for my personal experience but that's what help us too, get out of the comfort zone. I would recommend the course even to the one's that have experience working with SQL because of all the concepts we learn through the course.
Overall it was a good course, I just wish it was in a different format.  Instead of the instructor on the left and presentation on the right of the screen, I wish the instructor was not present on the screen and was using a pen to explain the concepts.  Also, they could code more examples with the students on the screen, instead of showing us already written code as examples.
This really is a great place to start if you have no idea what you're doing. I did find it helpful to supplement this course with other materials (e.g., youtube videos), but that's to be expected and is even addressed by the prof. The coding practice is great, but you never practice creating tables for some reason, though not a huge deal. Very happy with the course!
Great course.  Accessible for a beginner but also had enough difficulty to make it challenging/useful.  My only suggestion is having query results in the videos somehow.  That will make the queries make a lot more sense and the overall content can be more digestible.  Other than that, I recommend the course to anyone wanting to learn or strengthen some skills.
This course really helped me to understand basics of SQL and tech how to write SQL queries. Sadie St. Lawrence taught this course from basics covering each and every topic . Though I felt that the questions in the quizzes were a bit easy and could be made a little harder to give a more hands on experience.Thank you Sadie St. Lawrence for this useful course.
The course starts with basics and gets you to the intermediate level of knowledge in SQL. The teaching method and the intermittent quizzes as well as hands-on coding assignments ensure that you thoroughly understand the course contents. I would recommend this for those who want to have basic to intermediate knowledge in SQL primarily for querying databases.
Learning this has been fun, specifically the way this course is designed and the platform available for coding is very user friendly and easy to understand. The team has done a wonderful job in explaining the key concepts, special thanks to the instructor. Also the quizzes and coding questions are so designed that it helps you understand the basic concepts.
The course is quite comprehensive and understandable. Although the lecturer explains in a very slow fashion, it doesn't really bother me since we can speed up to 1.5x. I really like the final project that we have to solve but there are a few things to be improved: It's better to make a system that we can write queries directly while listening to the video.
I enjoyed this course and really learned a lot. I loved being able to go at my own pace and start the course over if my schedule was too busy. You can do practice quizzes as many times as you want and you are given opportunities with extra time to redo your quizzes. This format gives you a great opportunity to learn and at your own pace which was awesome.
This course has an amazing structure. It allows and highly encourages to think like a professional and provides resources that allowed me not only to pass the course but will also be relevant when I move ahead in this skill and career path. The assignments are also very well designed. Passing the final assignment gives a lot of confidence in the subject.
The concepts in this course are explained very well and are very descriptive. They are taught step by step and she also gives an explanation as to why we use these concepts and why theyre important. I was able to delve deeper into SQL and was able to acquire the basics in order to solve real life SQL problems. She is one of my favourite instructors!
Even though this course is aimed at beginners, the assignments encourages a person to do some additional research. This simulates how a person should continually research and explore to enhance one's knowledge and experience. The final peer graded assignment was fun. Make sure you allow enough time to spend on it and you will reap the rewards.
Really great introductory course to SQL. I highly recommend taking this course for those who have little to no experience with SQL. All of the course work and material was easy to comprehend and very digestible. In addition, the quizzes and assignments were great supplemental exercises to reinforce the concepts that were taught in the course.
Today in the morning at 7:00AM EDT I was so happy that I can't imagine, Sadie made me positive and passionate in my career. Because of her, I can now achieve my dream to become a data scientist and learn more and do good in life. Hopefull! This is the best course of SQL hands down! I failed many interviews but now I am sure I will pass it.
I really enjoyed the course as per the content and the review questions at the end of each week! I have learnt a lot to build on and can't wait to practice SQL and use it in my work. I totally recommend it to anyone who needs flexible hours to learn how to deals with big data and  to learn how to retrieve and be tidy with the data in hand.
The course is simple and clear for a beginner. The slides,video and notes are helpful and it guides me slowly to understand different SQL syntax and its applications. The quiz and assignment are really good platform to practice all the knowledge i learnt from those 4 courses. Lovely! Highly recommend to others who never learn SQL before.
The course was well explained. I struggled a bit with some topics like combining multiple joins and subqueries. A few additional examples in the form of a case study might have helped understand the concepts a bit easier. The quizzes , projects were all good practice making us think and apply the knowledge we gained.Thank you.
Great course.  Final project needs some work and this course will be top notch!!  For the project, it would be great if we could port the data into R or Python and do some sort of basic analysis of it.  Would make it more interesting.  I like the separate coding and concepts quizzes.  The teacher is amazing and upbeat!
Good introduction to learning SQL, data science best practices, and tools to continue developing this skillset.   The lessons and quizzes are well-organized and easy to follow, as well as give good food-for-thought questions to get the problem solving gears going.  Would recommend to anyone getting into learning SQL.
The lectures videos are the right size. Assignments are too simple at times. Final peer-review assignment was decent difficulty and allows for a lot of involvement; it also introduces you to data analysis in a structured manner. Liked the course very much. I'd recommend it to beginners in SQL and/or data science.
I liked the way the material necessary for data analysis was presented and organized. I think there could be a bit more difficult exercises during the course to prepare learners better for final project and give them better idea what is expected in real world. Overall, it was awesome and well designed. Thank You.
Dear teachers I thank you for this course because I took this course to understand the analysis of data sql data science and also to get ahead in my job and especially what I appreciated is the course methodology and homework flexibility that allows the learner to succeed and master. Thank you and see you soon.
Absolutely wonderful course. For someone who knew absolutely nothing about using SQL, this course has helped me to understand SQL coding and more importantly understand the logic behind trying to attain the desired result. Would absolutely recommend this course for anyone interested in a career in data science.
This is a brilliantly designed course. I was a novice in the field of data science when I started this course but now at the end, I have learned a lot.  The course was easy to follow and the in-course assignments helped me practice the application of SQL. I am confident in my skills as a data scientist.
The instructor was very good in teaching various aspects of Data Science. She was very knowledgeable regarding the course. Also, easy queries were maintained to solve the real-world problem as well. This course has helped me in upgrade my skill in the field in which I am the most interested. Thank you.
This course provides me the basic techniques to jump into the electronic medical records and start to code queries and provides reports to Clinical and Research Management. The test are intense and the final project is a real challenge. The good news is I learned to code as a beginner SQL programmer.
Well structured and covers the basics of SQL queries. One thing that could be added is a guide explaining some of the different software the is available for running queries locally, rather than through the web page portal that the course offers. Otherwise the course was an excellent introduction.
I ever thought the programming languages were difficult to understand even a basic one like SQL. But after I enrolled this cause it changes my mind a lot. It's not really hard whether you pay intention and apply good tips from the instructor. Hopefully, It's my first step for continuing this kind.
I took this course due to a new project at work which involves checking the input data by querying it using SQL scripts. This course has really eased my job. It covers the basic stuff pretty thoroughly. I recommend this course to anyone who's just starting out (or aspiring) to be a Data Scientist.
The course is great at introducing the basics of SQL. It is engaging, encouraging, and fun. I highly recommend it!!! There are some confusion points in the slides and assignments, but overall, there are minor. Very worth it -- I learned so much and feel more confident in using SQL in the future.
THe best course till now on coursera.No need to have knowledge of sql as it starts from the beginner level.The best course for beginners who want to learn sql.Best way of teaching as it provides quizzes and assignments at the end of module to test whether the learner has understand or not.
I took another Data Science course from Michigan and it was horrible! I was concerned about going into this course, but it completely regained my faith in MOOCs and Coursera in general. This is a great course without question. Take your time on each assignment and you will learn a lot!
The instructor has explained the topics with so ease and lots of examples. The thing I loved about this course is the practice questions provided. They are well-tailored and helped me to understand the concepts well. A must course if you are looking to start learning SQL from scratch.
It was a good start to the basics of SQL.  I would request for inclusion of more sessions/videos in this course.  These videos can enable students to gain deeper knowledge of SQL.  Also, I request one to one sessions with the mentor.  This will help in clarification of queries/doubts.
So far this course is great for introductory classes. I took IBM's SQL for Data Science and I had a bad experience. Here the course is very well structured with clear concepts at a well-taught speed. I highly recommend it. So far 5 stars. I'll update this review once I'm fully done
I enjoyed the course and learned a basic understanding of SQL.  The final project is very difficult and seems geared more towards advanced SQL users.  If this is your first exposure to SQL you will find the final project frustrating and you will need to refer to other texts to t
This course was really intensive and the course material is high-quality. The discussion and lectures were really helpful and straightforward. By far, the best course I had for learning SQL. I recommend this to everyone wanting to get familiar or diving into SQL as a start.
Loved this course.  Easy to follow videos, they go straight to the point and you can practice queries right away from the first lesson.  Gradually increases in difficulty and you end up doing a very interesting and helpfull assingment. I fell I earned all the basics in SQL.
I liked the course and the way it was taught. Just a suggestion if possible for coding from the starting of the module till the end that is for the complete lectures practice questions can be given so that entire coding can be practiced. Thankyou for the great opportunity.
The MCQ in between lectures is extremely helpful in keeping up to the content. I also especially enjoy the coding questions that are really practical in helping learners understand and execute the knowledge covered in the lecture. Overall great presentation and structure!
It is a well structured and detailed course in terms of data analysis, SQL principles and differences between relational models (ER) and NoSQL. The difficulty level is between novice and intermediate and the instructor is very helpful and analytical. Overall recommended.
I believe this course is perfect to have a first approach towards SQL. Moreover I like how it relates to Data Scientists' context, and how it helps to understand Data Scientist's role and mindset. In general it was very useful and easy to follow lessons given by Sadie!
This was a great course, it provided me with great examples not just in the Instructor notes but in the side reading material that I have taken and created a review reference folder for future review. This is a great class and and I am glad it is apart of the program.
A good amount of info for a basics course. I would have liked a bit more detail and examples when the more complicated concepts came in (joins, more specifically).The final assignment is pretty challenging but interesting and satisfying once you reach your results.
It is a very good course for beginners who want to learn SQL. It starts from the very basics and no previous knowledge is required. The instructor is really great and the lectures are informative. It will benefit anyone who wants to start learning SQL from scratch.
I am very pleased with this course mentor as she has a very clear speech. The data is split into many small videos that are overall quite easy to digest. The tests and exam has forced me to learn the material in depth and leaves me with a sense of accomplishment.
I had already some experience with other databases and higher education on science and I founded it interesting enough, not very difficult, easy to follow, do not expect very challenging things. All in all, I have learned a lot and I am satisfied. I recommend it.
I think this course is amazing. They actually try to teach you very good quality information. They took their time to create good assignments and quizzes and a very challenging final assignment. I truly loved this course and I cannot wait to start the new one.
Another great class from Coursera - very helpful exercises and final assignment, both of which really helped in learning the content that was nicely presented by the instructor. Without writing a lot of queries, it's simply not possible to really learn SQL.
This course provide a great application of sql in data analysis. The lecturer was great. I liked the way she explained even some difficult concepts such easily ,which increases your interest in data science.Thanks alot UC San diego for such a great course
This is one of the best course available for learning SQL from scratch. Most of the part is explained thoroughly (Using "most of the part" because I felt "date & time" could have been explained into more details). Overall it's a good course to start with.
Coursera is good platform  for beginners as well as people who work in industries.Right now I am planning to take another course in coursera.The course content and assignments are very well planned.Please convert subscription course into individual course
I enjoyed the course. Well structured, good questions to check knowledge within courses/videos. I felt my experience in R definitely helped me understand this better, but I believe that the class structure absolutely helped me get the basics of SQL code.
I started this course with no knowledge and now I feel I can Profile and analyze few data. Best for Beginners. The Instructor is good with the way she educates us. Only Suggestion is Help Us Install any SQL software so that we can practice more offline.
The course is really helpful to get a brief knowledge about SQL Queries & Several functions that are directly applied over SQL Queries. Even the course leads to a great work with data profiling & data analyzing at the end. Thank you Coursera :)..✌✌😇😇
Fantastic introduction to SQL. So easy to follow, and I really appreciated the concept check questions as you're watching the video--even if I got the answer the first time, this really helped cement my understanding of the concepts I was learning.
I learned everything of the most important programming language with only one MOOC . The course was so explainable from key terminology to SQL queries . I want to thank personally the coursera team and University of Davis for this amazing result.
This course was somewhat slow and theoretical in the first week, but starting from the second week, it became intensive and progressive. The final homework was extremely well designed, and it took a good amount of time for you to finish the test.
Excellent course material and lecture for newbie like me. :) I have learned a lot new SQL skill on the class that I can apply in my Accounting / Finance career. I will continue use Coursera for my next data science class to build up my skill set.
This course is excellent for anyone interested in data analysis who wants a thorough introduction to SQL and who desires to learn specific SQL queries for pulling down and organizing data. The quizzes and final assignment provided great practice.
The course provide a complete knowledge of SQL necessities... The explanations are clear and Tests are enough to get and mantain learning practices... I'm really enjoing the course and I thinks is usefull for my academic and professional profile
The only thing that i will suggest is adding the output table for many codes that was shown. For the ones which was shown it was pretty easy to understand the whole idea. Other than that course was great and final assignment was really helpful.
I feel that I established a good knowledge base and added new elements in the environment of the related select statements, both with the design and mainly with the data analysis to obtain new and useful information from them.Excelent, Thanks.
Very good course to get the basics of SQL language and main principles. After this course and some "google" help you will be able to write really complex SQL queries.  Course gives you the base and then it is only practice, practice, practice.
Easy pace course, good video tutorial but you also need to do learning from other available resources in order to fully understand the concept.  I am glad I enrolled and learned the SQL.Thank you very much, looking forward for another course.
This course is very good as an introductory one is SQL. The instructor explains everything very clearly, whereas quizzes, coding assignments, and the final project are very helpful in order to apply the skills you've learned watching videos.
Very useful course. The videos are short so they don't need much effort to finish. They are easy to understand and well explained. The girl talks very fluency and slowly so it's easy to understand and also she is pretty so it´s nice to see.
This course starts from core concepts and easy coding. Provided with comprehensive practices and good resources recommendation. I like the instructor very much. She can speaks clearly every concept and usage of SQL commend. Highly recommend
A very good course for them who are new to datascience and SQL. Course divided into modules was very helpful. Pace of course was evenly distributed throughout the course. Only problem with the course was few more problems can be discussed.
This course is simple and easy to understand the basics of SQL and its effect on Data-Science.It was a good course and i have gained a lot of insights on the power of SQL in Data-Science.Thank you Coursera for this wonderful oppurtunity.
This is an excellent course to get started with SQL.The concepts are explained in a  step by step  manner and  explanations are clear too.Also there is good amount of coding practice given that helps a lot to get familiar around syntax .
This was a really great course that provided good instructional material, opportunities and recommendations of additional research, and good hands on exercises. First Coursera course for me and I would certainly recommend this to others.
I enjoyed this course very much.  There are a few issues that need to be addressed, but if you can overlook her occasional stumbles, she is effective and entertaining and the material was engaging and held my interests which is NOT easy.
Overall best introduction and practice of SQL for Data Science, well structured, and easy to understand along with some good quality tests to practice what you have learned. You should give it a try, I promise you won't regret doing it.
I enjoyed the course and learned a lot of fundamentals. There are some gaps about notation and an occasional unclear question that would most likely be addressed in a live class. Otherwise, this format worked well for this information.
Very good course! All the material, exercises and explanations were simple and easy to understand, but the final assignment was a bit more challenging which allowed me to reinforce what I had learnt throughout the course. Recommended!
course is perfectly designed and focused more on some theoretical concepts in deep.overall its a great course for beginners.The assignments are quiz were very helpful in understanding the concepts and proper implementation of syntax..
The course was taught very well. Throughout the course lot of tips and helpful links were provided. The questions in all the assignments were very challenging and interesting to solve. Recommended for everyone who wants to learn SQL.
I would recommend this course to everyone who has almost no knowledge of SQL except for the name SQL. This course taught me about everything. I don't know about advanced level but for the basics , this is enough and this is the best.
Very usefull course for someone who wants to get in touch with SQL. The fundamentals that are explained are very important in the Databases industry and I can say that this course contains some advanced challenges for the students.
Course content was very useful for SQL Beginner and intermediate.  This SQL course covers all the basics of SQL code.  User can easily create queries through this content to get the data as per his requirement.  Recommended course.
Great class for a beginner with no SQL experience.  I had already taken another SQL for beginners online class but got MUCH more out of this one.  The instructor did a great job with starting with the basics and building upon them.
Great introduction to SQL- I knew nothing about the programming language prior and have minimal experience with writing code. The course was easy to understand and had great practice examples in the quizzes. 10 out of 10 recommend.
Its a very clearly explained information that i received from this course that made me want to pursue data science. I'm going to take up projects and look for internships since i ve learnt enough to know this is something id enjoy
This is a great learning experience. Although I have learned Database System Concept during my undergraduate course, this course taught me something new and novel. This is my first course in coursera. Hopefully I can work harder.
Best thing about this course is that its syllabus starts with fundamentals of SQL and covered most of the concept of SQL. By completing this course you will be able to write data queries according to client or your requirement.
A good course especially for the beginners.  Part 2 of the assignment, however, is more intense than the expectations, incorporating some areas not included in the course, which I guess is to compel learners for more research.
This course introduced why SQL is a fundamental skill worth learning.  Step by step tutorials helps to learn quickly through each exercise. I would certainly take more online courses from this teacher Sadie. Thank you, Sadie!
Great course for a beginner or novice SQL learner! I especially enjoyed that the course is focused on learning SQL to be applied to data science scenarios. Useful for anyone interested in improving their SQL query knowledge
This course is useful for people wishing to understand SQL basic. The presentation is lively with simple example to replicate. Each section is from 5-15 minutes, suitable for people who do not have long time span each day.
This was a really solid class to understand and apply basic concepts. It requires that you put some work in, especially if you're less familiar with SQL, but it has been useful to me already in refining some of my coding.
A really good course. They have covered all the details starting from the basics and made sure  you have understood everything through quizes. The quizes are also great and cover all the concepts taught during the videos
This course is excellent! I loved that I could test queries and be creative. I really got to learn what I could (and couldn’t) do with sql. I definitely feel more confident with putting SQL as a skill on my resume now.
That's a great beginners guide in SQL. What I like about this course is that there's plenty of practice exercises to master your newly acquired knowledge.  Highly recommended for those who want to start exploring SQL.
Great course on the fundamentals of SQL for data analysis. I particularly enjoyed the last assignment. I feel that I have learned a lot (though I also needed to complement it with other SQL courses). Thank you Sadie!
This course was excellent for me,  learned small things that I did not know existed but that are so powerful when making the querys. Help me optimize the queries, and I will follow the advice: "think before writing"
I liked this course a lot. Sadie explains well and the amount of exercises from easy  to less easy and more difficult, makes you practice and internalize the concepts. Although more practicing is required of course.
This is a great course for those without any prior programming SQL knowledge.  It helps if you already have experience working with datasets and if you already know how to program in another language (i.e. SAS, R).
I find this course very helpful, prior to this course I used to think its just a language to query the data from Data base but now I have realized its importance after seeing how it can be helpful for data science.
It is really a nice course for those who are looking for knowledge regarding Sql and Data Science basics, in a short span of time, So, go fast and grab the certificate and knowledge about sql ,in lets say a week.
Subject matter was excellent .Final assignment questions were framed in such a manner where readers will understand and practice queries.Tutor was really good and fluent enough to teach us.Thanks a lot Coursera!!
Good course to learn a overall high-level view of SQL. However, to get the full grasp of SQL you need to practice SQL from external resources as well. This course explains SQL commands in a brief and concise way.
Great course! I really learned a lot from the videos and instruction. I kept going back and forth a few times. But, I felt comfortable in doing so. Take this if you are just starting in the data science field
This course is a great course for people new to SQL. No prior programming experience is necessary, and Sadie is very to-the-point while still being very welcoming and friendly. I highly recommend this course.
Decent starting point for any individual interested in coding with SQL. I would suggest the creators of this course to clarify the final quiz a bit clearer as some of the questions are a bit too generalised.
The Peer Graded Assignment was challenging and the really helped in refreshing the concepts with applications. The coding assignments during different modules were helpful in getting the coding mode on.
had a great learning experience, came across new concepts, and was able to deal with them thanks to Mrs.Sadie St.lawrence for explaining each and every topic so clearly, next steps towards Data Science
A good option to start in this topics, is easy to understand the topics and is necesary to study more things diferent to the videos and the lectures, also is very important practice all the topics.
Course is very well structured, the explanations by video and the relative exercises upon the different themes explained,  are excellent, so I've learned in a fast, efficient and profitable manner.
Perfect course! But recommend the last main exercise do more readable and understandable. It is difficult to read in a text file, single-color task and it is not always clear what needs to be done.
This is amazing course . Once you join this it gives complete information about SQL basics.To improve knowledge of creating databases it is very important course.I am glad to become part of these.
The instructor was awesome, whatever she taught was enough to do the assignment. I fell in love with her way of teaching, and now I will also do UC Davis specialization. Assignments were good.
By taking the course you can learn how to use the principal commands for database queries using SQL and the practice exams help your to develop the ability to perform the theoretical knowledge
This course is very well paced and easy to follow. It won't go extremely deep into details, but there's definitely sufficient information for you to lay a good foundation for future studies.
This is a very helpful and well-designed data course. I love the way the teacher teach me knowledge about SQL. I highly recommend this course for anyone who is interested in data science.
I am very exciting to use SQL help me analyze data, and it is a powerful and easy-going language for me to use in future modelling & analysis work. The course is really helpful, thankyou.
Great program that even if you know nothing about SQL in advance - the course will equip you with the most important knowledge to allow you to dive into the field of SQL and data science
All the concepts are explained in a very structured way and the course made complex queries too very easy to understand. Definitely try this course for sql. No regrets and very happy:):)
This class has already paid for itself. I have used what I learned to write SQL reports to pull reports from our test database. I look forward to taking more classes in SQL Data Science.
It is a very hands on course in which you will learn a lot about SQL but also be able to practice a lot. The instructor is excellent and the materials are great. Definitely recommended.
The best tutors I have encountered are from Coursera. Thank you for giving a positive mind to believe in myself that I can do it by providing me with the SQL with Data Science Course.
very good. learned a lot in this course. I love the way that it lets us use SQL directly inside the couresare website as I always get confused at installing softwares. GREAT JOURNEY!
I was a great topic, but just as feedback it should include more practical work since lesson 1 because, at least for me, it was difficult to put in practice the theory doing a test.
Great course for beginners to get their hands on SQL. I would advice the instructors to add more lessons on advance SQL topics like triggers,procedures,foreign keys,with clause etc.
The course is aimed at beginners and it does a good job at it.There are typos and some errors in 1 or 2 lectures but otherwise, the content is very well structured. I learnt a lot.
Very well done! All the needed information for beginners and quite challenging quizes at the end. Recommended if you want to kick off or refresh your knowledge on SQL Data Science.
It was a very comprehensive course and best part I liked about this course is we have to complete all the quiz and tests which give hands on practice as well as confidence to you.
The course was excellent because I could learn about general topics about SQL. For that reason, I want to study more about Data becasue it's really necessary in the current world.
The course was well presented and structured.It'has provided me insights of SQL for Data Scientist as I expected.I look forward to continuing learning trough the Coursea courses.
Best Course for SQL and best teacher. Can Use more visual part while explaining the statement. Like what will be the output for shown example.Otherwhise best course after IBM SQL
For me that is Business Background, this course was perfect because introduce me to SQL world, and show me how essential is SQL to extract and manipulate data. That was so good!
I really enjoyed the course, it was nicely structured. I would add more practice questions in between videos to solidify the understanding of the material with each new concept.
Such a great course, i understand basic functions of using SQL .That's a challenge  for me to think about tests carefully and have a feeling of  achievement after passing them.
Thanks for great course. I will definitely recommend it to others. The lessons are knowledgeable and explained in a simple way. It helps me to structure my basic skills of SQL.
Very good beginner dip into SQL; cleared up a lot of stuff that flew by my head in college. The exercises especially were great and helped build my confidence while learning.
It has good explanations and exercises.I only wish it had some kind of tutorial of how to install a SQL software, and to have exercises to input or modify data in a database.
The course was great. It helped me learn the basics and little things but of great importance, to be kept in mind while writing out the SQL queries for data analysis. Thanks.
Though this course is on the foundation of SQL, I am completely taken away by the the teacher teaches SQL. I will strongly recommend anyone who wants to learn SQL. Thank you.
This is a great course for someone to start from scratch! It also helps if you know some other coding language like python or C like I did! The instructor is also wonderful!
Excellent course, I really loved the coding quizzes every week. They were really well made and were a good practice space for all the SQL I'd taken notes on from the videos.
SQLite did not offer many features required to answer the questions. Would recommend a higher version of sql to help do more analysis and answer quiz questions still better.
Great course! If you are a beginner and wants to play with Structured data.this is the right course for you to start with. Her way of teaching is excellent. Happy Learning!
I have faced real world assignment which help me lot. I can do much more better to writing a query. Course was awesome and speaker was also good she is fill with knowledge.
This course covers all the topic from basic level topics to hard topics, The instructor has excellent knowledge about each and every topic. Learned a lot from this course.
It was very wonderful experience Learning SQL for Data Science. SADIE is an awesome teacher. I learned a lot about SQL and now I will be able to implement it to my career.
The course was really nice and did not require any prerequisite knowledge in SQL. It starts from very basics and build upon that which was the best part about this course.
I really enjoyed learning SQL.  Ms. St.Lawrence's videos were clear and precise.  I also liked that we had to complete the quizzes and assignments by the end of the week.
Great introductory to the SQL programming.  This course is designed with beginners in mind, and it is an excellent introduction to SQL. The instructor did a terrific job.
Great course for the beginner or as a refresher for somebody who used SQL a long time ago. The final assignment was very interesting to work on. Good job on the material.
An amazing course to develop your skills in coding especially coding in sql ,,writing simple and efficient queries .also to gain a way of thinking like data scientist do
This is a powerful and empowering course. As a beginner you want to learn things properly and structured way this course gives you that. Sadie is an excellent instructor
Excellent starting course for SQL data science. Looking for spark distributed computing and more advanced techniques to be taught and acquired through time and efforts.
Great Course, of course you need to follow the course practicing and seek for the extra information for learning in the resources that Sadie pointed out in the videos.
Awesome course, learned a lot in a short period of time. The information really stuck and the quizzes/tests got to the core of the content. Would definitely recommend.
The Course was really good and specially the Assignments getting tougher gradually and making us dive into the database for a deeper understanding.. I appreciate that.
Very nice and clean course. There is a discussion useful forum and the instructions are clear and contributed to my knowledge of understanding the fundamentals of SQL
Excellent Course for SQL beginners! The modules are very well done with just enough information to equip learners with important nuisances of SQL. Highly recommended!
This course helped me refresh my SQL knowledge and get me ready for some Job interviews, Sadie is a very good professor and the practice quizzes are great. Thank you!
Good and systematic course settings, combining knowledge with real world practice. Not only prepare you for coding itself but provide the proper mindset. recommended!
It has been a great pleasure to learn this course. Many thanks to Sadie Lawrence. Great teacher with equally great presentation of this vast and complicated subject.
Short but concise videos! I also liked the mix of videos, quizzes and coding assignments. In general, the course is a very good introduction for beginners. Good job!
Great introduction to SQL and its use in Data Science.  Some great practical applications from someone that uses it on a daily basis.  I would definitely recommend.
I think this course gets its purpose right for the starters, but you'll need to learn more to progress in the field of data acquisition. Good course, nevertheless.
It is extremely fine course with meticulously designed syllabus, delivery methodology and evaluation mechanism. Enjoyed learning the course and wish to learn more.
This course builds blocks to work with SQL. After week-2 it requires logical thinking to solve assignments. The lectures and the way it has delivered ain't boring.
A great experience. The material was very appropriate and precise. I would love to see more details added in it as Data Science is a continuously expanding field.
The small things are explained beautifully and I really like the way the course is structured. It enables a new learner to gather the skills in a logical manner.
the teaching is really good but I when did the final peer review quiz , i fount some questions difficult to solve , as in they were pretty hard for a beginner .
One of the most transparent and easy to follow courses on SQL! Thanks very much, I wish there was a whole specialization so I could continue with the same pace.
Amazing course, it gives you a clear vision of how to use SQL in data analysis. Also, the instructor is very clear and give a lot of good complementary material
The course content was good and educative. The quiz and coding exercises are challenging to the point of enforcing your brain to register what you have learned.
One of the most important skill that is required these days . The course was very nicely planned ad all the key concepts were nicely explained by the teachers.
Awesome class, learned a lot!! I was a complete beginner in SQL and I feel like I have learned some advanced syntax. The quizes and final project were awesome.
Great class.   The time estimates I thought were understated especially for week 3 and week 4.   Budget yourself plenty of time for the 2nd half of the course.
A little bit slow-paced for someone with programming experience, but if you are planning to study the complete specialization, then it does the job perfectly.
This course is very much suitable to those who wants to learn how obtain Data through SQL. Easy to understand while the quiz and assignments are very helpful.
Everything in this course was relevant to actual to database development and the instructors teachings were clear on every topic. Thank you for the knowledge!
This course is very important as a beginner and the instructor teaching style is easily understandable.Thanks for coursera for giving me opportunity to learn.
The course is very good. All the explanation is very easy to understand and I like that there  are question in the meantime what can help memorize the theory.
Cool course! In a plain language about such an exotic subject if you are about to find yourself in something not specific and new as myself. Hardly recommend!
I really liked this course, it was very informative and educational. It is perfect for someone that wants to learn SQL language and use it for data analysis.
A well-structured syllabus for non-technical background learners. The materiel is in great detailed, and the practices are helpful to reinforce new concepts.
A very well structured course from the beginning excluding the final exercise that could have been better. Overall, an excellent effort by the UC Davis team!
The only thing I can say is that, the questions of the final assignment can be made more clear to understand for non-native English speakers and new coders.
This was my first course on this platform and I must say it was the best. Clear explanation along with the peer assignments review concept was just amazing.
Great introductory course. I had no knowledge about SQL and I get to understand its principles and write some interesting queries. There is a lot to learn.
Started with no knowledge of SQL and walked away feeling like I can use this in my future career. Good starter course if you don't know anything about SQL.
Excellent course.  Great course overall.  The quizzes and assignments were great at testing our skills and very interactive format to utilize SQL queries.
This course is a great option for both beginners in SQL and people with some experience that want to improve the knowledge of SQL focused in Data Science.
Interesting content, nicely explained. I appreciate the quizzes and the last assignement.  I will highly recommend this course as an introduction to SQL.
I had a great experience and gathered some knowledge about the SQL which was truly good and total new for me and this course has really helped me a lot.
Excellent course structure.  Thorough lectures and examples.  Working with a real database from Yelp was very useful and made the course work enjoyable.
Great class. Well organized, clear, and easy to follow. The class assignments really tested my knowledge and understanding of the material.  Thank you!!
Thanks for your courses as it help me understand SQL and data science as whole in a better way than I ever could have.I would recommend people join it.
This is a fantastic course.  Well packaged and presented to give insights into  practical, useful concepts and principles.  I enjoyed every bit of it.
This is a great starting point for Data Scientist Enthusiasts who would like to gain or map SQL basic knowledge to the daily life of a Data Scientist.
It does a good job in teaching SQL in a simple and effective way. At the end of the course, you get a good grasp of how to use SQL to tackle problems.
Listening to Ms. Sadie makes me attentive, her diction is perfect that I can easily understand the topics being discussed. She is also beautiful btw.
All the exams and quizzes in this course are based on the material covered within it and all concepts are explained very well and easy to understand.
I am very grateful to Coursera for the opportunity and Sadie St. Lawrence and Uni of California for this wonderful course. Good content and delivery.
Hello Guys.. It is a great platform to learn the SQL for Data Science Here, Very Excellent Teaching and Its really amazing. Try it and enjoy to learn
This is the first course that I have taken in SQL, I must say that it is really a good course to start with. Highly recommended for a starter in SQL.
This is an incredible course! It provides the basic knowledge to start exploring how to retrieve data using SQL! I strongly recommend you enroll in!
Great questions to give exposure to those who are new in SQL. MCQs in between the lectures keep your focus on and helps you keep listening. Thanks.
Great course based on instructional videos and design. However, mentors in the forums seemed not to always be helpful or sometimes even misleading.
learned a lot of SQLite and basic SQL knowledge in a short amount of time. exercises and lectures were pretty helpful in understanding everything.
Wonderful and easy going cource. I have missed only a bit more examples and maybe links to certificated websites where I could use SQL knowledge.
Sadie was wonderfull and all te materials where a great help! Enjoyed doing the assignment! This will help be a great deal on my day to day job!
An amazing course! Covers so many topics in these lectures yet it feels like it was just done so easily and the way of teaching is just amazing.
I liked the lectures of the course a lot. They were informative while being concise. The assignment at the end was the best part in my opinion.
Such a great course provided by Coursera with great teaching faculty who made this course very easy to understand by giving real life examples.
Very nice course. I knew nothing about SQL and now I can say that I am very satisfied with my achievements through this course.100% recommended
This was a really well done course for SQL for beginners. I really felt that it helped me understand the foundational concepts needed for SQL.
Very well structured and clearly presented. I was new to SQL when I started and now I can run actual queries against databases and they work!
I knew SQL before this course. But it was useful and interesting for me. I had a good time. Lector has good pronunciation. Use it, recomend)
I would say that this course was simplified in layman's term yet very powerful and technical when it comes to querying techniques or syntax.
It was fun doing this course. I learnt a lot of things regarding data analysis and I am able to improve my skills regarding SQL. Great Job!
One of the best course for Beginners, The practice module and peer assignments helps a lot to work on our own methods to identify solution.
Nicely organized course. Very practical - yet with some theory behind it. I was able to use what I learned, right away. Thank you Coursera!
I loved this course. I got to learn lot from this course. As I was zero in programming, this course gave my programming skills a new start.
one of the best courses for SQL. It covers all basic concepts and it is a great way to start a new journey towards being a data scientist.
I learned a lot. I was naive before doing this course, now I am confident I know a lot better. Kudos to the instructor and the whole team.
Awesome learning of SQL. Programming techniques helpind Data Science to be developed. You wouldn´t have neve imagined how SQL can help DS.
Perfect course for SQL beginners. It will take you to a beginner-intermediate stage in a manner which enhances your overall understanding.
The course is great! I love the data scientist role play part, make me feel like I can apply what I learned here into real world business.
Amazing experience. The lecture was the best and present in a very lucid manner.The community for Discussion was also helpful and active.
The course is simple and to the point, it teaches you the basics of data analysis as well how you can start thinking as a Data scientist.
I like the way course is organized and delivered. Easy to grasp the concepts and particularly I love playing with the Practice Exercises.
The course teaches basic concepts which help understand fundamental questions like: what is SQL? why do we use it? what do we use it for?
Its a good course to get the basics of SQL right. I liked the final assignment of analyzing a data set and providing our analysis on it.
Very good for getting you from 0 to a sufficently good level of SQL. A great building block to becoming very good and coding with SQL.
Great course for beginners! Great instructor, explaining concepts clearly. It is definitely worth taking for anyone dealing with data.
I really learned a lot in a short time. This course is a great start if one wants to learn SQL. I can absolutly recommend this course!
The course provide basic solid understanding how the querying work.I would recommend it to everyone who wants to get great background!
Excellent intro to SQL.  I've already recommended it to my Operations manager as a pre-requisite for read access to our SQL databases.
Very well expalined, intended mainly for anyone which does not have any prior understanding for either SQL language or data analysis.
Hi their. I liked the course a lot and the faculty was very understandable. She teached everything with live examples . loved that!!
very nice introduction to SQL, in very few steps got me from my 0-knowledge to being able to understand DBs and run complex queries!
To be honest I learned a lot of things from this course which I did not learn from the Database courses which I took in University.
A course with full of concepts for beginners as well as for advance ones theory part is interesting and Question are also very good
As finance professional, there is great demand for knowing basic SQL. This course did just that and more. Well structured. Amazing
Helped in increasing my interest towards Data Science. Amazingly designed course. Will surely recommend to everyone in this field.
Great course for getting a good general understanding of SQL. The course material was paced very well and explain items very well.
This is a great course for learning SQL. The material and quiz are well organized. The instructor is really nice and professional
Perfect course for beginners as well as for people with some experience in SQL. Information is presented in an understandable and
This course is structured very well. Used concepts widely used in Data Science/Engineers work.Few concepts required more details.
This was an enjoyable approach to learning SQL.  I felt that some areas could have been more in depth but overall a good course.
I find this course really interesting and useful. Things are clearly explained and that makes it easier to understand and apply.
Very nice course, I loved it. Instructor was very good. This course was structured in a very nice way to understand everything.
This course helped me a lot, As had no previous knowledge about SQL, And Instructor will hold your hand through out the course.
I loved it very much. Interesting to play with data. I will continue to learn more deeply on data science.Thanks to Coursera :)
great introduction course for SQL, devoted lecturer, good teaching style, sufficient exercises to practice, highly recommended!
The assignments were fun and helpful in learning SQL and presentational slides were also very clear and effective for learning.
This course was very good, easy to follow and understand. The quiz and coding tasks were useful and made it easier to practice.
This is a very good introduction to those who are unfamiliar with SQL and I've gained a lot from it. Thank the course team !!!
It's a fun course to learn and introduces you to a simple, easily used programming language that is used everyday in industry.
easy to understand with hands-on on examples and this is from someone who had never worked with sql or coding software before!
The course was very well designed, and a good intro to SQL. I am looking forward to advanced SQL courses in the coming month!
This course actually helps students apply the skills learnt in real life scenarios. This makes it different to other courses.
Very much effective to improve query writing skill. Lots of hands on which may help to learn how to write strong query in SQL
Its very good course to learn. bit challenge and have lots of things to learn. It each us clearly and its easy to understand.
Awesome course to learn SQL and its assignments are level-up which helps to understand deep insights of SQL and pioneer in it
The course is excellent for anyone who is new to SQL. The assignments have also been perfectly curated to test your learning.
The course material is designed with great thought about the audience and does mainly focus on implementing the SQL syntaxes.
It is a good course.It is very interesting one i liked it a lot.There are very good things to learn from here  to the future
The course is well-structured. The knowledge is simple and easy to understand. The teacher is professional and enthusiastic.
Thanks to Sadie Lawrence for all the lecture videos. It has been great help to understand the concept of data science in sql
This course is really special, because we learn about everything we need to know to perform tasks over Data Science's work.
Great learning experience & help me to gain knowledge of SQL basic syntax to get idea how it works & where else it is used
This course help me to understand data more accurately then I knew before, it was a great experience to learn this course.
Great course!  Well structured. Interesting quizzes and final assignment.  Really valuable information. shared. Thank you!
Prof. Lawrence teaches with such great enthusiasm that it engrosses you into earning. I have become a fa of her teaching.
It's  a great and fundamental sql course. The only advice is that if some problems can be more clear, it would be better!
I find this course good and provides detailed information for beginners who want to venture into the data science field.
This course empowers you with all the basic SQL understanding one needs to have to kick-start their Data Science career.
the material is presented in a convenient format, the course content includes all the necessary knowledge to get started
I'm very happy with all of the content in this course. Sadie's video lessons are nothing but great and very informative!
Well the examples were very accurate for the course. I liked the final assessment specially it was a very good practice
This course positively surprised me; the content is excellent, and i am already applying all that i learned from Sadie!
Great course. I feel much better after learning this course. I think it  is a must have course for all Data Scientists.
The instructor is phenomenal. It is deep enough concept-wise but not too in the weeds if you've already taken some SQL.
course instructor is awesome.she taught concepts with clarity and she knows amateur mistakes.really awesome instructor
This was an excellent course. Well thought out and sequenced. Sadie does a great job of making it simple and concise.
very nice course ,they start from basic and complete at the very high level you will able to write complex sql codes
i love the professor so much,i also enjoyed learning this!it laid a solid foundation for my future learning and work
It's a great course I have learnt so far that could help me boost my skills up for my data career. Highly recommend!
Really I enjoyed the challenge of the quizzes and the last assignments.Full of skills.Thanks to the course teacher.
Excellent course with deep insights of the basics as well as the advanced topics and explained in a very simple way
Its a great course to understand SQL. It was taught in a very simple and understandable manner.Amazing experience!
Effective course. Includes the right mix of lectures and interactivity through quizzes, exercises and assignments.
Very well structured course. Good amount of practical learning. Covers all you need to start as a Data scientist.
This course gives the strong foundation to learn sql.Learnt best practices and few query optimization techniques.
Great quick introduction to SQL. I gained the skills that I needed, and enjoyed the online programming exercises.
This is an awesome course to begin with SQL for data science. It gives a lot more things to use in data science.
Good overview of SQL and beginnings of Data Analysis.  The instructor provides great explainations and examples.
Excellent Course as it covers core concepts of SQL which one can utilize for backend development any many more.
One of the best instructor. Just made understand SQL inside out. Must take the course to understand all topics.
Great course and experience.Suitable for all levels where content can be applied immediatelyHighly recommended!
Excellent and easy to understand. Very nicely structured. The exercises give you a strong foundation in SQLite.
Very clear, which both pratical examples and exercises.But of course expand your curiosity to other sources....
The content is great, but it seems the final assignment makes everybody crazy because of its poor instructions.
Very good course for beginner of learner of data science and it provide some basic training in SQL programming
I enjoyed the course immensely. excellent lecturer, good practice. thank you for a great time on the course.
Very good course with enough content to understand basics of SQL. Interesting assignments and lots of tests!
I would highly recommend this beginner SQL course to everyone who wants to dive into the Data Science field.
Thank you so much for this course ! Am really glad that I did these course . It helped me to ind my intrests
Easy to follow, good explanations, perfect for busy professionals. Useful basic info for complete beginners.
excellent course for beginners to learn SQL skills. The content is flawless and instructor is very detailed.
It's a great tool to use while studying at University, as also for people that has some certain idea of SQL.
This is very tough course but it is wort it, nice to have some experiences about data and how to analyze it.
It Was fantastic online course i ever took...Thanks To mam'am Ms. sadie St.Lawrence.Your the best teacher..
A great course which not only introduces you to SQL but also teaches you the different applications of SQL.
Good Course, If you are a beginner a lot of effort has to be put but all in all excellent way to  teach SQL
This course is really great to study the SQL and it will help to used for professionals as well as students
the content of this course is ver solid and the lecture always can explain some basic concept very clearly
Course is really very good. Content is well organised, takes you through the concepts. Excellently taught.
The instructor's ability to reveal the content of the subject was really good. Best course for beginners.
The course was well-explained, covered good breadth and really added to my confidence. Thanks for this :)
Perfect course! I like the database with the artists and tracks of heavy metal!! Very interesting! Thanks
Great course for a first venture into sql and the focus is placed on how its relevant to data sicentista
the course was great but need to do it in the software to apply the coding in order to understand better
The course was awesome and deals with all the basics required for SQL that is required for data science
great choice to start SQL language good teacher easy to understand one of the best course in this town
it opens your mind for what you can do with sql and puts a fire in your head to learn more. thank you
Looks like a good course. I underestimated how hard this would be. I will take again at a later date.
A very helpful and accurate course. Also it was easy to understand. The assignments are very helpful.
Beautifully Instructed,was able to pickup what was being thought rather very quickly.Thank you Ma'am.
The course is well-organized and mainly for those who want to get a data-related job need to use SQL.
Highly recommended for everyone who wants to know basic of SQL as well as use of SQL in data science.
The facilitator is so great! I love her voice. I have learned a new skill for data analysis. Thanks!
Solid overview of SQL for beginners and practical assignments/tests to go with it. Highly recommend!
Great course for beginning SQL knowledge. I use all of the concepts at work which this class covers.
This course is very useful one can start their carrier into data science after learning this course
This course was really useful. It gave me a good base to understand and start using SQL at my work.
Excellent course to start with SQL. You have to work hard to solve coding questions and final exam.
it very well-formatted for beginners. The instructor is also good and community section is helpful
Learning SQL for Data Science is very interesting. I learned a lot of new things from this course.
This course is enough for Data scientist. All important sides are taught by course.  Thanks a lot.
Amazing content, Amazing teacher. Learned core concepts that are helpful with real world examples.
Very helpful for SQL beginners. The course content was good with proper SQL queries and examples.
Sadie has been a great professor throughout the course. The course of course was amazingly good.
I like this course, it's clear. The assignments help me to use and exercise what i have learned.
Its realy cool course and content ,i learn alot of new thing inside these course,Thanks Coursers
I love this lectures video very powerful. Specially trainer is very good in skills professional.
It wii be better if the website can provide some description for each variable in the ER diagram
Good intro and overview of SQL.  The videos are very useful explaining the basics of SQL coding.
Very good intro to SQL, easy to follow and good examples and practical quizzes and assignments.
This course is very useful for whom want to start learning SQL. It is simple but very effective
Amazing Course from US Davis California , Friendly Teacher , Best practice SQL For Data Science
A good course. this increase my knowledge of SQL which helpful for me in my professional career
I loved it. the lessons and reading materials keep it simple for learners of all walks of life
Great Course ! for learning Data Science , I think it will help to developing your knowledge !
The contents and course structure was perfect for learners that didn't know a thing about SQL.
Great course form Coursera..i learned a lot from the course.. thanks ma'am .. thanks coursera
This was an enjoyable course. Good beginner course and will be useful as I use SQL in my job!
Excellent course, the assignments are challenging for beginners like me but totally worth it!
Easy to follow, very informative, and the quizzes line up with and reinforce what is learned.
Covered lots of material and use cases. The practice quiz and assignments are very practical.
The course was very good, quite simple yet very informative. I enjoyed learning with Sadie :)
very good. I thought it was helpful course for learning and expanding SQL in practical sense.
I gained a lot while doing this course. The instructor is exceptional, She taught very well.
Excellente course but maybe harder exams and homeworks can be added in the first three weeks
I'm very glad that I took this course. It wasn't easy but all was understandable. Thank you.
Very well taught. This is a good intro for learning SQL and I had fun doing the assignments.
This was an excellent course for someone who wishes to either brush up or pick up SQL/SQLite
Great course and nicely explained. I was able to understand it from the beginning. Thank you
most important thing which i feel in order to get thing very powerful is kind of assignment
It was a brilliant tutorial.Thanks to Sadia st. lawrence for making such wonderful videos .
This is a really good course for beginners.Well explained and easy to understand.Thank you.
This was a really good course! It was comprehensive and thorough. Truly truly great course!
It will be a good start to SQL, but you will have to invest some time in order to catch up.
Sadie is a great instructor, clear presenter and holds immense knowledge for data science!
best mam and teaching pattern , will like to join many such courses that mam will conduct
Amazing course with just the right difficulty! Enjoyed learning and will sure continue...
An optimal course for new starts in the field. Knowledge provided is absolutely on point.
Great job for all people involved in developing all this powerfull material thak you all!
Good content, interactive and decent progress. Could include more examples in the videos.
I highly recommend to take this course in case you are beginner to SQL and Data Science.
Well I enjoyed this course!It was engaging and smooth.Hearty thanks to the instructor:).
Great Course for learning SQL and DBMS from Scratch!! I highly recommend it to everyone.
Really useful course, appropriate level of difficulty, nice and friendly lead-teacher:)
Great class to teach you the basics and get you started on SQL. I highly recommend it.
It is so useful and I would recommend for people want to learn SQL with real datasets.
Very well explained course. Instructor was friendly, and explained the basics clearly.
Awesome. The peer review will be challenging but the learning will be all worth it. :)
I learned a lot about how use sql in sqlite, and all about to star as data scientist.
It's a nice course to take even if you have no idea about database-management and sql
Great course, I learnt a lot.Facilitator/Teacher had an excellent communication skill
Excellent course with excellent instructor, learnt a lot! Thanks for the opportunity!
This course is pretty great. I do not know SQL before and this course is very useful.
Wonderfully Explained each and every topic ! I'll surely recommend this to everyone !
this course is really one of the best out there to fully understand the basics of sql
Course was really amazing and at a steady pace. I would totally recommend this course
Very simplified for a beginner like me.Gradual progression with level of difficulty .
This was nicely structured course that was easy to understand, thoroughly enjoyed it.
best course i have take so far. good for beginners who want to learn more about sql.
Excellent course! A lot of useful thoughts and a clear presentation of the material!
It's an good course who are interested to learn more about SQL usage in data science
This is a wonderful class for people looking to get an introduction to data science.
Excellent instructor! Loved her style of teaching. She kept the course interesting.
Well explained and really good practical quizzes to get you in train. Recommended !
Excellent pace, and very thoughtful questions/ practice problems for us to work on.
The best course for beginners and a very good exercise at the end as an assignment.
Very well structured course, clear and right to the point useful content. Thank you
it is a great subject and great Instructor .thank you for learning concepts of sql.
This course make me clear on picture of SQL with data science. Great course. Thanks
This course is great! The explanation is clear even beginners can still understand
Very clear content and  you also get good hands on while solving coding questions.
Great course that covers all the basic stuff in order to start and write a queries
Good course for beginners in SQL wanting to learn the SQL mainly for Data science.
Its a wonderful bundle of classes which below me learn and work on queries easily
Thank you for providing me this SQL knowledge, it definitely helps my work a lot.
Awesome course I recommend beginner to enroll this course which is pretty helpful
There a lot of exercises need to be complete and it is very helpful for learning.
Well structured, informative content, user friendly platform and very insightful.
Very helpful lectures. It is introduced in a step-by-step way and easy to follow.
I think this is a simple yet helpful introduction to SQL. I enjoyed it very much.
Very good course. Great balance between practice and theory. Best for beginners.
I really liked this course. Great pedagogy and content. I'd highly recommend it.
great intro course for SQL and good interactive elements to practice the skills!
Sql has taught many technical things in a simple way. Glad to learn this course
Excellent work by the instructor and above all assignment and quizzes was good.
I was able to learn a lot and understand the material with no knowledge of SQL.
Really a good start for SQL beginners. it covers all the details of the process
It's a easy class to follow, but I hope I could learn more difficult techniques
Good Content for SQL developers who are looking for a little advance concepts.
Had never worked with SQL prior to this course and really enjoyed the content.
it was a great experience the course is so good structred . thank you coursera
I think this course is very helpful. It's basic and easy to know what is SQL.
The guidelines on every aspect about SQL was explained and demonstrated well!
Great for someone looking to get into basics of SQL and data science domain.
Awesome teaching. Number of example could have been more to give the concept
The best course to learn deeply SQL, lots of exercises, and practical quizz.
Thanks to Sadie for making this SQL course so simple & fun way to learn . :)
Fantastic SQL course I like the way of explaining with practical knowledge.
Absolutely loved the course. Strongly recommend this course for beginners !
Course is little lengthy, More information is required about the assignment
Awesome facility for the course, excellent explanation and best question .
Excellent course. Very good coding exercise to test knowledge acquisition.
Thank you for your work) I hope to see each other and work on your team :)
Excelent Course, good explanation with good practice exercises and quizes.
Easy to understand with sufficient samples, this course benefits me a lot!
excellent i learn and gain the knowledge which help in my further study .
Wonderful course to build a strong foundation of SQL. Highly recommended!
Quite explanative and clear course. Very useful for aspiring individuals.
The course is good , which help you to build the confidence in the skills
Thanks for the instructor for guiding me...I learnt a lot  in this course
A Wonderful course if you want to master SQL in a very sport span of time
best course,starts from basics and teaches data analysis very clearly....
I loved it. did not expect i will be learn so much in such a short course
the teacher is awesome. basics are cleared. its very good for beginners.
Awesome course! Step by step guidance with the help of examples as well.
Incredible content and Instructor. Thanks a lot!! Greetings from Peru :)
Recently get a new experience in data science real cases utilizing SQL.
grate instructor of the course had learned how to work in data analysis
truly awesome. I will be grateful to all of you related this initiative
Great Learning.  I would like to go for advanced course now. Thank You.
Excellent course which teaches you the basics to start working with SQL
It’s an excellent course and the content allows a very easy learning 👍
great experience with my instructor and University of California, Davis
Great course, a very soild refresher on what I learned during my Softwa
Nice for basic SQL, I learn a lot about detail query and how to use it.
A lot of practice on how to retrieve data and really good explanation!
AHHHHFELT AWESOME , ALL CONCEPTS RECALLED AND IMPLEMENTED SUCCESSFULLY
Excellent!! Only if the  pratices follow each chapter would be better~
This is a very good course for the beginners. I recommend this to all.
Very usefull course for everyone who want to use SQL for Data Science.
Really good course! SQL from basics with good explanation of concepts!
What a great introduction! Really enjoyed this. So easy to understand.
It was pretty useful to get down into the knowledge structure on SQL.
Well done! Have me a great starting point and basic foundation of SQL
this course is very helpful and instructor teaching way is excellent
Loved it. A very very very good course to begin to interact with SQL
Nice Course. Sadie did a nice work explaining all the basics of SQL.
It is a very useful Course with very good explanations and examples.
Content is well curated and articulately delivered by the presenter.
it's very useful for beginner and the course structure is very good,
Great for beginners -- helped me realize I'm not a beginner anymore.
It is a very good course to improve data extraction from databases.
Really good course for beginners. The coding assignments were good.
Its a really awesome course. It helped me to brush up my SQL skills
The course was very helpful for me to understand the basics in SQL.
very good course content and presentation. very helpful! Thank you!
I learned a lot from this course! The content was clear and useful!
It exposes me to first-hand practical training on database analysis
Excellent introduction course for those who know nothing about SQL.
I've got a primer in the fundamentals of SQL and working with data.
Great overview and also review in case you know some SQL beforehand
Well structured course, good examples, and excellent presentations
This is a great course with amazing tutors and learning materials.
Very Great Course, Learn lots of thing about SQL and Data Science,
FABULOUS COURSE AND THE WAY THE FACULTY TAUGHT IS  VERY IMPRESSIVE
Its been a wonderful experience in learning sql in a different way
great course! Very complete syllabus, explanations, and homework.!
I didnt recieved my cerificate ,Kindly provide my certificate ASAP
Such a great course. I enjoyed it a lot. It is absolutely worthy!
The course is very helpful for beginners like me. So thanks a lot
the course was easy to follow. programming assignments were good.
Excellent course, great way of teaching and reaching the students
Very satisfactory course in terms of information and application.
i really love the course because of the tasks, they made me think
Great course offering could practical experience and good theory.
You killed SQL with such easy teaching pattern.I am fan of you...
was a really a good courseThe instructor conveyed it really well
very good course, not too fast or slow, just good for beginners!
I love you all, Coursera you are the path of my success in life.
Its a very useful course to study about the fundamentals of SQL.
she is great teacher and knows how to explain everything easily.
very well explained course.I have learnt a lot from this course.
Excellent lectures from Ms Sadie, good pace and good entonation.
Excellent way to continue to develop SQL and Data Analyst skills
Really easy to understand and just the right amount of material.
I liked this course alot and the instructor was also very good.
Thank you a lot! I started new steps to make this world better.
The assignments in this course make me understand SQL perfectly
Excelent course with a very good content an a great instructor.
good instructor and I really can learn something in this course
Very good class, easy to understand and good learning material.
The course is designed perfectly. the concept was very useful.
A piece of full collective information I got from this course.
Its really helpful for  clearing the  concepts and practising.
This class is well organized and I love the sweet teacher too!
The course provided me every thing i needed to know about SQl.
If you try to make more of your SQL skills - take this course.
great teacher and great platform to learn sQl for DataScience
A lot of great information. Look forward to the next portion.
Very Helpful for anyone who would like to start learning SQL!
Really helped me move from academic research to data science.
Interesting content delivery carried out in logical sequence.
Sadie is very well-spoken and keeps the material interesting.
this course was excellent for basics in sql for data science,
Amazing course! Would definitely recommend it to my collegues
Was a great course! provided great basic knowledge of sqlite
Everything is really good. I love my teacher and her's voice
I am confident now, I am ready to do it myself. thanks a lot
Great course, i learnt a lot of interesting stuff and skills
I have learned many essential thing to enhance my knowledge.
One of the best courses out there to learn SQL from scratch.
great lesson !! it show me a lot of differences between DBMS
Nice Course.The Instructor made the learning process easier
Great course! I definitely have a solid SQL foundation now!
This is an outstanding course for people who are new to SQL
Thank you !! That  was a really great learning experience.
love the teacher, everything's super great! Learned a lot!
Excellent course! It was covered all of the topics in SQL.
The course content was good and it was easy to understand.
Great course content and clear to understand. Thank you ..
Excellent course that allowed me to apply my SQL knowledge
Easy and useful course, perfect for begginers, I like it.
Great course to start working with SQL and data analysis.
Labs were really useful to practice applying the concepts
Great course for beginners on using SQL for data science.
Very Nice getting through this course and very helpfull !
Great course... Fast, clear and with interesting projects
its wonderful, easy to understand.the trainer was awesome
very easy-to-digest but comprehensive cover of SQL basics
Very good friendly teacher, gives enthusiasm to learn ..
This course really helped me in getting expertise in SQL
Well structured and clearly explained course, thank you!
Easy to understand and is a good for further development
An excellent course to build a strong foundation in SQL.
It's  great course, i've learned more from it. Thank you
Great course for beginners and intermediate SQL writers.
Great refresher in SQL and data science working  methods
It was an awesome experience to learn SQL from Coursera
Very valuable course. Assessment system is really good.
very helpful but the final project is kind of difficult
very nice instructor. step by  step to teach SQL basic.
A great course to learn the basics of SQL, using SQLite
One of the best courses to brush up on your SQL skills.
Easy to understand, good explanation , nice review test
Very good, start from very beginnig of SQL to advanced.
An amazing course which brings the fundamental for SQL.
this course is very informative and easy to understand
Very good material for beginner who want to start SQL.
each and every concept explained with detailed example
I like the quizzes and final assignment of this course
I have enjoyed very much in this course, just awesome.
Great course for beginners with an awesome instructor.
This course helped me get confidence in my SQL skills.
Very useful to learn basics of SQL and making queries.
Would be better if you could support MySQL, PostgreSQL
Brilliant lecture very easy to understand amazing pres
This course was very helpful for learning SQL basics.
Subject made easy by instructor. Had a great Journey.
Thank you ma'am  for great concept and explanation...
Very useful and clear to learn the base of SQL coding
Very nice instructor. This course js really very good
Excellent course to learn basics of SQL from scratch.
Very good course and the Instructor was just awesome.
Thank you! It was really practical and understandable
That was a great course, everything concise and clear
Very good course to give a full understanding of SQL.
its really interesting and very useful for beginners
Great course to have a strong introduction into SQL.
Very good instructor and she has very deep knowledge
That's a great course for introducing people to SQL.
Straightforward and easy to understand. Great course
pretty useful for a beginner insight on data science
This course is great and suitable for the beginner.
Good knowledge of SQL queries... it is very useful.
Good Course. Learnt many skills by updating my self
Great course to build up basic understanding of SQL
i like this course can make my career in data field
from all the courses this one was very comfortable
That was great for me to learn sql in data science
This phase is extremely useful for fresh starters.
Super useful course. One week and you know basics!
Excellent beginner course for Data Science and SQL
This course is really great for learning querying!
Learned a lot of useful and practical information.
It is a god course for the beginners to learn SQL.
excellentI think need more example in the videos.
Very good course. The last exams are a challenge.
This was a great course and I learned so much. :)
Easy to understand. Exelellent  course for newbie
One of the best of best course for SQL beginners.
Its a great course to begin SQL for Data Science
Well structured course, with useful information.
Very useful and best way to get started with SQL
it is a good course. start it now don't hesitate
Its too short and very helpful for java and c++
My Basic concept are clear through this course.
Excellent learning and makes good understanding
I know more about sql, This course is the best!
Awesome work by the instructor, kudos to you!!!
Wonderful course to make your Sql basics strong
Awesome Teaching methodology. Good assignments.
This course was a very good introduction to SQL
Good course, thanks, and charming presenter  :)
excellent course for first time learners of SQL
Very easy to follow.Great course for beginners!
Really good course to understand basics of SQL.
All necessary and relevant for data scientists.
I love this course. Just so wow(.^-^.  ___doge)
that s a good experience about lernign sql! :)
Amazing course , Mam made the journey amazing!
Instructor hats off!You really taught us well.
good place to learn sql with advance concepts.
I love the instructor and the way she taught .
Topics are arranged and explained very nicely.
cool, thank you for the lecturer, it's so good
Excellentstructureandreadingmaterialstobuildon
The course material is awesome for a beginner.
it really helped me to clear my doubts of sql.
Great course with short and interactive videos
Go with it, very very useful for SQL learners.
Very easy pace - Take GOOD Notes!!  I like it!
Excellent course to learn basic SQL concepts.
Very good course with pretty good assignment.
The best course for getting started with SQL.
It was an amazing course with a great teacher
the course was great and  easy to understand.
very good learning method ...really help alot
Great for beginners and easy to follow along.
Excellent course to learn the basics of SQL.
It is an useful course to learn from basics.
A very fantastic introductory course for SQL
very useful course for beginner to learn SQL
Very intuitive, informative, and challenging
Best SQL Course to start with for beginners.
Good presentation of content, nice exercises
well it is good source for introduction only
great SQL introductory course for beginners!
Very concrete and simple, easy to udnerstand
Excellent ! thanks a lot for the instructor.
I got a general overview of SQL. Thank you!
I really loved this course. PROMISE !!!!!!!
Very good course. Sadie is a great teacher!
it is a very helpful course for me in DBMS.
Wonderful course. The instructor was great.
Course was simple efficient and very useful
very nice course for database understanding
The course is beautiful! I like it so much.
Awesome course.Great for a beginner  of SQL
Great course. Plan to continue learning sql
Perfect way to start you to data science !
Good course, covered all required concepts
It's realy good course for me. I enjoy it.
It was very best experience while learning
Awesome course to get you started with SQL
Great Experience to learn SQL data science
Good course, well paced and easy to follow
Great course for learning intermediate sql
With this course I learned a lot about SQL
Great course with lots of useful examples!
Great introduction to SQL for Data Science
Great course! I gained very good knowledge
Thanks for the course it was really nice .
Very good course! I really appreciate it!
Exceptional and practical oriented course
Thanks a lot for your Coursera knowledge.
Very valuable course. Thank you Sadie! :)
Easy to comprehend, pleasant to complete.
Its an awesome course to learn sql basics
best way to improve your technical skills
Best course I've taken on Coursera so far
It was great. I had a great SQL approach.
Wonderful course and excellent teacher!!!
A very good choice to begin learning SQL!
Clear explanations on real case examples.
Thanks so much for this inspiring course!
Great videos and material to learn from.
best for who learn SQL for data science.
Excellent structuring of course content.
Very good introductory course! Loved it!
Awesome Course. Thank you so much Sadie!
Great stuff, very well organized course.
very good course to get practice on SQL.
more helpful I prefer to enroll  in this
Its a great course to learn data science
Such a useful SQL course for beginners!
Way of explaining and examples are good
Good to get hands-on knowledge quickly!
Really good for those who starts in SQL
Great instruction and testing of skills
best course have provided in course era
Really explains the basics of sql query
Really a great and happy learning here.
an easy to pick up introduction for SQL
Really good first step in data science.
A really nice beginning course : ) 5/5
good one  .we can learn in short  term
The course is very good for beginners.
Content is good and eazy to understand
Really loved the course..very helpful!
Good information, perfect for newbies!
Good teaching style. Effective course
Covers the basics of SQL using SQLite
Good content and loved the instructor
Good course for start in data science
thank you !! Overall coarse was good.
awesome course, really useful content
Really enjoyed the class, thank you!!
It was a great experience. Thank you.
Good overview and introduction to SQL
Designed very efficient and friendly!
Wonderful lecture and I learned a lot
Great course on SQL for Data science.
Awesome training! Great way to learn!
nice detailing and simplified version
It is an excellent course, I love it
very good course, easy to understand
Great course. Very clear information
good content and assignment provided
best for learning sql and makes easy
Very nicely designed course contents
A very good course and easy to learn
A good course for beginner level SQL
informative, engaging, learnt a lot.
Best to learn.Content is also great.
Excellent course with great projects
Great course. Thank you very much !!
The course was informative and good.
I'm thoroughly enjoying this course.
you are delivering best explanation.
good one! Recommended learning it ！
Great course and clear explanation,
Great introductory course into SQL.
Amazing Course and great instructor
Easy to understand and informative.
such a great course for a beginner.
Best Course to start and learn SQL.
Interesting! Thanks for this course
Great instructor and great material
A good course for newcomers to SQL.
very awesome introduction to SQL ^^
Extremely detailed and informative.
Amazing Course, Amazing Instructor
Taught the basics of SQL very well
it was a great learning experience
Awesome course, in love with Sadie
Great course for beginners in SQL.
Really great course for beginners!
Wow!! A nice course for beginners.
A great course. Fantastic teaching
best course to learn Data science
A very good course for beginners.
Best Instructor I have ever had .
Very complete and well explained!
Great content and teaching pace !
Good course to start learning SQL
Easy to follow. Fair examination.
very useful, enjoying learning it
A great course for the beginners!
Solid intro to the basics of SQL.
Very well discussed. Thanks a lot
Really nice introduction ! Thanks
very nice course,i loved it.....
Nicely explained all the topics!
excellent course for a begginer.
pretty clearly talking about SQL
Easy to follow and learnt a lot.
IT's a great course for starters
I really enjoy the way she teach
A great didactic introduction !!
Very helpful as an intro course
This course needs more examples
Good course with clear basics!!
great course, great information
this is very interesting course
Fantastic syllabus and tutoring
Really a great course. Perfect!
Great Information/Presentation.
great course and great lecturer
Great beginner course for SQL.
Feels too good with the course
Amazing Content and Instructor
Great course for the beginner!
I learnt from new prespective.
great course for beginners !!!
Nice one to refresh concepts.
Made well and easy to follow.
Must have cource for starters
It was a really a good course
good course for SQL begineers
It great learning experience.
Well taught and comprehensive
Very Useful and very hands on
Great... asignments were good
Great Start for SQL Learners!
Best SQL course for beginners
peer review is pretty useful.
Great course, very practical!
useful and medium challenging
a very good course, 100% good
Meticulously Designed Course
Very easy to understand 👍👍
Very dinamic, like it a lot.
Great course. Learned a lot.
Very usefully course. Thanks
Amazing content..Loved it!!!
Great material and lectures!
Very Nice Course. Thank You.
Good content and explanation
All you need to know of SQL.
Its a good platform to learn
I think it is a great course
Quite helpful.  Good intro.
good coursev..learned a lot
A good course for begineers
I learned a lot, thank you!
Great learning. Thank You..
The course is very helpful.
Great Tutorials absolutely!
Perfect introduction to SQL
A Great Learning experience
It helps a lot to my career
Great beginner SQL course .
I WANT TO GIVE YOU 10 STAR
Thank you! awesome journey
This is best course ever!!
best course thanku so much
It is indeed very helpful.
High standard assignments.
Awesome class for beginner
Great course for beginner!
Good course for a beginner
Very nice course for SQL!!
Good course to be learned
it's good courses in SQL.
Its good for data science
Good course for Beginners
It was a good SQL coursre
Great course!  I love it!
nice course for beginners
the best way to learn sql
excellent work by faculty
Like the prof really much
very concise and elegant.
Best Quality in teaching
It was joy learning sql.
it was wonderful session
Nice introduction to SQL
Explanation is very good
Very easy to understand.
It was an amazing class
The Course was Perfect
Excellent for Freshers
excellent way to learn
Useful course! Thanks!
Good to Start with..:)
this is a nice course
A really good course.
thanks for everything
yeah its simply super
Good knowledge of SQL
The course is super !
Good exposure to SQL
I learned aloooooot!
Nice course to learn
Clear but Efficient!
Very nice course!!!!
Brilliant Course!!!
very useful course.
It was challenging.
really great course
very useful..course
Strongly recomended
up to expectations
Great for start!)
pratically useful
Amazing Course 💖
Awesomely taught!
Very good Course.
Quick and useful.
easy to follow up
really worth it.
Solid SQL basics
good for studies
Great professor!
enough practice!
Learned so much
One of the best
It was amazing
GREAT COURSE!!
good explation
it was great<3
easy to follow
good course!!
Fine to learn
Very help ful
Thank You :)
Top Class
Thanks :)
best hai
