This course is very poorly designed IMO. Most of the important content - that is creating empathy maps etc, are taught by audio podcasts without any visual element. The videos only show Sarah giving intros and that's not helpful at all. There's a whole load of stuff to be read as well. The android app doesn't show the podcasts, which are the most important bits. Even after I got them downloaded with great difficulty, I was not able to do my assignment because I didn't understand how to create an empathy map. That was taught without giving an example. Just a template to be downloaded and  we are left to google and find the answers. Why did we sign up for this course at all? I have left midway.
Im a pretty sure this course was created to promote Copyblogger and Mentor's work. The ebooks are just repeating themselves. The soures for completing the assignments are poor, and this is supported by the fact that as i reviewd 5 submission in the peer-per-peer system all of them were different and they totally missed the mark. Thus, i am sure that the trainers failed to give the appropriate material for free and they failed to come across the knowledge. I wish you examine the material and the courses with more care and critical view and not just allow any course to be aired just for the sake of it . I am deeply disapoointed in this course.
This course is very vague and the podcasts with the founder sound more like a company promotion than any learnings. Not satisfied with the learning from week 2 onwards. Also, minimal use of practical case studies just makes it very technical and inefficient.
I find the course very fluffy, long-winded and self-promotional (of Copyblogger).  90% of the content is trying to convince me in a non-scientific manner why I should follow their advice, 10% is trying to tell me the advice. And the advice or strategy is very no-brainer and just too general (eg. sustain your reader's attention! Write compelling headlines! Use facts! Okay... I already know that.) I feel like the entire course can be condensed into a 2-hour video.
The content was good information, but the peer graded assignment was confusing.
This course is not for professionals who are looking to learn about actual content strategies. It is a course for creative content writing, and how to make it appealing to consumers. The strategy mentioned in the title of the course is an exaggeration of what this course actually discusses. In addition, the learning material is too long and repetitive and if you enjoy listening to your lessons then this would work for you because its all about pre-recorded podcasts. It was a disappointment for me.
Take it if it's free, otherwise not recommended AT ALL! This is just a trap door to promo Copyblogger's articles and podcasts. Like literally 80% are just intro video and we have to listen to attached audio podcast... ABOUT EMPATHY MAPS AND EXPERIENCE MAPS (your assignment afterwards btw)Only the last module has lengthy video in itself, but all wobble gobble of "write with meaning, write to make emotions, be good person" things we all knew.A waste of Coursera platform's potential.
This feels more a like a sales pitch for Copyblogger than an actual course. Kinda feels like a waste of my time. I didn't learn anything new.
I started this course wanting to learn about content marketing from instructors who were experts in the field, and seemed keen and ready to share their tips.However, this course left me sorely disappointed. There's no doubt that a lot of insightful course content is provided, but most of this content are not in the actual course videos, but rather in downloadable "podcasts" attached to each lesson in MP3 format. The podcasts contain valuable information and tips on content marketing, but come with absolutely no visual aids, subtitles or any of the great features Coursera has equipped its platform with  (scrolling subtitles, note-taking function, etc). This means that learning for those who have trouble understanding the audio, or visualising certain concepts is greatly hindered.  It also means that one should be prepared to spend a great deal of extra time on top of what's reflected in the course requirements to listen to lengthy mp3 tracks without any guides. There also seems to be a certain slant towards various service providers in the course - for instance, WordPress is recommended as the top go-to site for creating one's personal website. This promotion of specific 3rd party brands is something I am not entirely comfortable with and I would have greatly appreciated if the instructors could have weighed the pros and cons of these services against their competitors so users can make an informed choice. Overall, I am happy with the amount and quality of the course content, but a whole lot more could have been done to make taking in, and learning this content a less painful experience.
This course is poorly written and seems more like promotion of their own company rather than actual teaching. It is about how to write a good content, where the speaker is simply introducing you to the topics. You will have to read a lot and listen to podcasts which are not that helpful since content like that can be easily found on google. I did NOT find this course helpful.
The lectures were not as informative as expected. I had high hopes for this course. :(
If you like to experience what Strategic Content Marketing is about, this is how it should not be. Hopelessly frustrating... lots of chitchat without focus... lots of lnikbuilding for the publisher of the course copy blogger.  Yes, content marketing is about building relationships & try to hold the attention. And link building is an important part but let's be honest and fair, this is no academic course... this is painfully mistaken advertising for copyblogger for hours... To be honest, it is the first course I have not completed although I started with the objective to complete it. Too painful that my attention is taken for a ride in this ongoing commercial, at week 4 (only 1,5 weeks to go) I could no longer bear the lack of direction. I quit.
I hate gradating system, we review for people and just sit there hope less that someone will review your assignment back, not just that. The information about this program was out of date, there a lots of change in business industry and not all information about this course was useful. A lots people when they do discuss the just put N/A and you get lot of spam when you need someone review your assuagement, you review them and they never review you back. And if you want to pass this class you need to pass assignment.
I was very disappointed with this course. Most of the useful information was in a "podcast" format without any visuals to accompany them. The whole course felt like one big, poorly produced advertisement for Copyblogger. I really didn't learn anything new and felt like it was a bit of a waste of time. I'm glad I did not pay for the course.
The course was too easy and it was just common sense. You could have passed the quizzes without listening to the speaker or reading any of the course materials. The talks with the invited experts was also common sense. No real skills taught.
This was a really poorly run course, with very little teaching content or outline for what was needed from the assignments. The course would not be relevant for someone already working within content creation as it is extremely high-level.
Being a certified content marketing strategist is a thing of great joy. The course has added more to my knowledge as a person and other aspects as well.
Most of lectures are in audio files without subtitle. It is difficult for learners, who do not speak English as a mother tongue, to understand.
This course is boring and inefficient. Sort of goes against the principles thought in the course for good content.
Buggy course platform. Unable to get reviewers to review my assignment unless I posted in the discussion forums.
I am unhappy that I did not see the full content of this course.
an endless banality sequence
not what i expected
This would have been a 4 or 5 star course if not for the pitfalls of solely relying on peer reviews for the assignment submissions. I realized that all of my efforts at this course were wasted by the fact that most of my classmates weren't even paying attention to the course material, and some of them did not even try to understand the submission instructions prior to sending their work. I would suggest having an instructor from Coursera or from the partner learning institution to be at least checking the submissions as peer reviews - and one's grades - depend a lot on the quality of students currently enrolled in the course.  Sonia and Brian were excellent instructors and the material was good but my experience was ruined by the peer reviews.
I'm a little disappointed with the content of this course. I can see the course is promoting the type of content you find in large amounts on social media, namely Facebook. It's a manipulative content that takes advantage of people's weaknesses and provides very little actual value and resolution. I mean content such as "how to get your boyfriend back", "how to loose 20kg in a week" type of stuff. The papers enclosed as reading material, branded by the copyblogger, are lengthy and rich in generic, meaningless messaging and the "right" keywords such as "strategy", "mapping" etc. It's tough to get through to the point or resolution. I don't feel this content is credible.
Excellent content, and broken nicely into small pieces that are easy to get into and not overwhelming. However, there are 2 peer graded assignments that leave the student at the mercy of graders who may or may not be reasonable. The assignments aren't clear, in that instructions given and workbooks provided aren't in harmony. Finally there seems to be no recourse for students not receiving a passing grade despite resubmissions, but to retake the entire course.
I was excited to start this course, but I found myself a little disappointed by it. The course in itself is an interesting one, but it needs to be improved in regards to many aspects: the videos which are too short, and the reading material needs to be more diversified and should include academic articles.  The podcasts are hard to be found, thus it would make more sense to incorporate them in the video and make the whole course an interactive one.Another element that needs to be looked at is the peer-review. Usually, peers do not understand the requirements and the whole grade depends on their availability,  thus it can take days even a week for someone to decide to review. This can also ruin the learning experience
The strength of the course is provide in exercises than the content/video lectures. I have some issues with logistics - some video lectures are very short and do not provide direction that the remaining audio of that lecture can be found in downloads. Information can be better organized. The downside is having assignments peer-reviewed, as sometimes I have to go through several rounds of revisions and submissions due to peer scoring, but they do not provide comprehensive feedback on what I should be improving. It makes it difficult to progress. I would prefer to have instructors provide feedback on my assignments.I did not like that the first week of the lesson was about creating a website to be a content marketer, I think it could have been used for better information. The videos are succinct and do not go very in depth as the instructors depend on the students to read heavily on the e-books that are provided.
The course itself was great. But I can't give it more than 2 stars due to the peer-reviewed assignments. Some learners uploaded blank assignments. Others uploaded random editorial content from third party websites. Also, the comments learners receive on their work are unhelpful. Some comments are gibberish, just nonsensical consonant clusters. Thus, learners will likely be unable to complete the course, even if they do complete the coursework. It would be much better if assessment was done solely through quizzes. The peer-reviewed work should be optional and should not prevent learners from completing the course.
Unfortunately, this course was mainly filled with podcasts, no visuals, and assignments which lacked information. I had high hopes for this course and the reading material was very well written. However, for a course that was meant to teach me how to capture information and generate sales, it couldn't even capture my attention!
This course was average. The first 2 weeks were great. Somewhere along the course, it was almost all podcasts. Not a very effective tool if we had all signed up for video tutorials. There were also a lot of readings that were averaging 40+ pages. Could be better.
Sonia is a great presenter, but the content (ironically), execution and grading system made this course one of the worst I've ever taking (on Coursera and beyond).1) The content jumps from beginner level (explaining the basic frameworks, differences between attraction and action content, etc.) to pretty advanced (discussing metrics without even explaining what they mean). Also, a decent share of the whole content is repeating what has already been said.2) Completing the course takes way more time than you expect. All because of the countless podcasts you won't be aware of before you get to them (not the mention it's not explicitly stated where, when and how you are supposed to find them). Also, no notes, no reviews after, no summary of the podcasts.3) The majority of reading references are Copublogger short books - again, you'll have to spend way more time going through each and every one of them if you want any further explanation (this is, apparently, counts as podcast "notes"). Instead of providing students with a short summary (or a concise article), they send you a 50-page book.4) Ridiculous grading system. First, only two other students will decide your grade that worth 30% of the final grade. Second, the most heavy-weighted criteria are purely subjective ("How effectively does the learner match the image of the avatar with the demographic and bio description? - N/A / Very poorly / Poorly / No opinion / Effective / Very effective" - this is a real example from that submission).I'm discouraging you from taking this course (I did learn something new) but rather want to spare you many moments of despair and rage this course caused.
https://www.coursera.org/learn/content-marketing/discussions/all/threads/cSLsGjdHQYui7Bo3RwGLdg/replies/iGnP1tusQHapz9bbrDB2CgQuite literally the worst course of all time. I really tried to enjoy this course. I poured time into and read the readings but I've just come to the conclusion that you can live without it. A complete waste of time done by Sonia Simone who just can't wait to provide and bestow gargantuan and colossal praise on her lord and savior, the king of content marketing himself Mr. Brian Clark! My god that was dreadful, he's a man with a blog that Jesus on a surfboard. Not exactly the gold standard for unique individuals. But this is not hate for Brian, he seemed like a normal person in the dreadfully boring podcast sessions that you'll be required to sit through. For a course that talks about engaging your audience they sure did their best to make it as bland and unoriginal as it could have been. Please do much better next time. You have a good base, just a flat out terrible way of executing.
Good: Exclusive Learning Materials and Assigments that ensure you have a foundation for writing persuasive and actionable content. Bad: No flow to learning experience. Videos don't have guest lectures, you must go on an easter egg hunt for the mp3 that complement them and they aren't available on the mobile version. No teachers available, so don't expect feedback on your work. It's blind leading the blind in this course. If you are a self-learner, it's perfect. If you need training wheels, this might not be the best course for you. I highly recommend this course for his content but I strongly discourage it for learning. This course is basically and interactive library, not a classroom.
There was so much great content to offer in this course, but the presentation of it was just awful. Quick 1:00 videos introduced key topics, while 10:00-17:00 mp3s – with NO slides or accompanying visuals – covered the core content of the class. 40% of the grade hung on the High Five project, yet the core of what Authority was supposed to look like in the project and in real life seemed to be completely glossed over. And there was absolutely no way to contact anyone other than other students to get more info on Authority, the High Fives, or other key contents of the class. Extremely poor presentation and honestly a waste of several weeks, except for the certificate earned.
I really wanted to like this course and thought it would teach me some new insights. While Sonia Simone is a engaging teacher, I was disappointed with the overall course content. The course is very time consuming and the podcasts plus the readings (several e-books per week, sometimes as long as 142 pages) are not accounted for in the time pad. Making the time needed to invest, much higher than expected.The assignments seemed difficult compared to the level of the course materials, and it seemed like a lot of students (on the forums) were struggeling with the assignments as well.
The materials are quite old and have a lot of dead links. The assignments could be clearer. Especially as the teacher no longer works at Copyblogger, this feels a bit outdated and ready for some improvements. I do like a lot of the materials and I think it did help me a lot- but that's all the more reason why it could stand to be refreshed.
my assignment since module 3 is yet to be reviewed by other coursemates which are causing a delay in completion of my course, I am done with my course up to the 5th week but cant still finish up, I can't send a mail for help nobody to attend to me, please something should be done about it asap.
a. I wish the podcast could be seamless integrated in the learning process.  *Looks like it is not empathetic to users.  b.TLDR.  A lot of materials, from the blog or pdf,  just wayyyyy too long and not to the point.....Give me some examples....
Basic Content and knowledge, not so out of the box course. Half of the course is on the Mp3 platform, no resources used or mentioned.
The audio lectures are not as effective. I was expecting a video since this is a course, not a podcast.
interesting and rich in content, but absolutely dispersive!!!!
Quite basic and not especially engaging.
With the podcasts included, this course is a lot more time consuming than it initially seemed, as the time taken only factored in reading plus videos. I also found it really difficult to find the podcasts of Brian Clark so missed a lot of relevant content for the first few weeks. Time spent on listening to podcasts needs to be factored in to the course time, as I am really stuck for time so struggled to find the time to complete the course. Also, the content was decent and relevant to, but I didn't feel I learned anything my company aren't already doing as part of our content marketing strategy. The first week focused too much on building a personal website too rather than marketing strategy for an organisation.
It's alright, but not information dense or concrete enough. "Test what works", "Know your audience", "Grab attention". Yeah, no shit. I really had to pay attention to find useful information between all the obviousness and abstract advice.
The course included over 500 pages PDF files and over 1 hour audio files. I expected instructor to teach, not to give us pdf files to read ! Also there were a lot unnecessary text in files!
Unfortunately following this course from the mobile application is nearly impossible, since almost every content is in the downloadable materials which is not reachable from a mobile phone.Besides, the submissions are missing a rubric, which would be helpful for understanding what do they expect from the learners, unfortunately the misunderstanding resulted in very diverse results among the peer-reviewed submission.Moreover, having peer-reviewed submissions may not be the best way of getting grades, since it seemed like leading to cultural differences: even if the written feedback was "everything was perfect", some peers gave 0 points, and there was no way to flag the reviews and have it checked by a professional.Many course materials had nothing to do with the assignments, so it was great to listen to the calming voice of Sonia and it was a good addition to your general knowledge (and the ebooks are great!), it would be useful to have them in line with the assignments.
Honestly, I received the course for free so I can give my non biased opinion. If you're a newbie it's  okay as an introductory course. However, it won't give you the "How to" instructions. It will tell you what you need to do and give a passing reference to others. You will have to do a lot of research and reading on your own. Again, you can do that on Google or their website. It's your decision if you want to pay for it.
First of all: I learned a lot. If you're new to content marketing or have a little experience in a related field but want to refresh your knowledge about content marketing you'll definitely find useful information. My criticism goes towards the time schedule: in most weeks there are additional podcasts you need to hear which are not in the calculated total time. Also the description says 2-3 hours a week. The calculated time - without the sometimes over one hour podcast - says total times between 2:13 h and 5:56 . Plus time for research, setting up a website, ... The readings are often very repetitive and feel more like advertising for copyblogger than educational material. I would have loved to hear for examples for different bussiness areas.For a not native speaker nevertheless everything was understandable, in clear English with just as much technical terms as needed. I'm not dissapointed I took this course and feel like I know a lot more than before. Just the time schedule needs improvement.
As i said to the final feedback, this is a very interesting course, except for the lack of subtitles in any podcast and more practical example during the lessons, such as real article or sample of them. 
Furthermore, i would like to clarify that the review system for assignments is very unfair. I have read of people who complain that they are evaluated with ZERO flat points, this is because many people do not even bother to read the uploaded works. It is unthinkable that in such a course there can be no control for this type of situation, at least an internal feedback system to the assessments so that those who voted with clearly low marks are at least reported to the site. 
In my case, i had to reload the project 4 times before looking for a truthful feedback on my work, which therefore inevitably delayed the conclusion of the course.

So, 3 stars for these "problems".
The course was helpful in outlining some basic aspects of writing content marketing, especially the 7A and 4A framework. Below are some aspects that the course could improve on:Demonstrate more clearly how to structure a strategy that could be presented to colleagues (the focus mainly fell on how to write content, rather than why it's being written). The wording of the assignment tasks needs to be clearer. From peer reviewing some papers, some other students went completely off course.
The course as a whole was insightful and informative. It provided a lot to think about including items I can take back to work with me and use on a day to basis. However, there were a lot of grammatical errors and typos in this course, especially in the readings. Considering this course is about content marketing and is from an ad agency that specializes in this subject, that was disappointing to see. Did Copyblogger/Rainmaker Digital not even bother to check their own work?
Highly strategical course on content marketing. I wouldn't recommend it if you're looking for a more practical approach. I would recommend it for beginners, as I already work in content marketing I sometimes found it too basic. Overall though, interesting to listen to navigated professional discuss the subject. For a course that talks about engaging content, I found the video lessons and the slides used awfully boring to look at and also quite ugly design-wise
It's not that great. The content for the first two weeks is amazing. There are podcasts hidden in the options of downloads, that I couldn't even find and getting peer-reviewed assignments corrected is a pain in the ass with bogus reviews all over and the forums are filled with students begging to have their assignment corrected. Just skip the course if you can or audit the first two weeks for videos, if needed.
It started off quite good. However, this is directed towards people who have no business experience. If you are already a business owner, then it begins to become quite irrelevant. The coursework is just tedious, especially if you have already looked at this stuff for your own business. Couldn't bring myself to complete the course past week 4, because of how tedious and irrelevant it started to become.
Unless I missed something the videos did not say to go to downloads for the podcasts.  The admin told me to do so after I contacted them.And, the assignment instruction could have been a bit clearer.  For example, my interpretation of the assignment was to do it on ONE page, save as PDF, and submit.  But the paper I reviewed was the PDF Worksheet outline filled out and re-saved as a PDF.
The disadvantage of this course is the podcast that you provided. It has just voices. You should make subtitle of the whole podcast for non english speakers to listen more clearly. Sometimes the podcast without images or video is kind of boring and not effective. Btw, this course has a good point and cover almost all of  good lessons that content marketers should know.
The content of the course is very good till week 3, the assignment is very confused and there is no an example or a case study to teach us how to make Empathy map, mapping customer's journey and experience map.In terms of podcasts, I prefer if there are videos instead of it or at least if there is a transcript for podcasts to make it more easy to understand.
There is a lot of good information in this course and it had a good overview of content marketing. However, the course ebooks and podcasts are often long and meander a bit. I would have preferred the information to be more summarised rather than long and conversational. The videos were quite good though. Overall, I would recommend the course.
Even though the content of the course is good, it gets too basic sometimes. I was looking for something more specific, but from time to time, it started to talk about the basic foundations of marketing.  Because of that, sometimes it felt kind of disperse. Also, the readings had almost no relevance when taking evaluations.
The peer-graded instructions could have been more clear. A sample of how it should be done should be provided to make understanding better. I had a nice time learning with Sonia Simone. I found only the instructions quite confusing rest was up to the mark. Thank you, Coursera and UC Davis for such a great opportunity.
Mixed reviews.  I though the video presentations were great, made me think about content in a new way.  However, I did not like the segments where they mixed in 1 minute videos and then 15 minute podcasts, pick a format and stick with it,  Also the assignments need tightening up, instructions were very vauge
Very well presented and lots of learning points that can be applied to the real world, but the content in it seems clickbait-y sometimes. Lots of unnecessary information present in some topics and I'm afraid the course needs updating to 2019 since a lot has changed in 5 years.
Course provides a lot of useful information via lessons and outside reading material, but it is content marketing material on it's own for an agency. Most of the podcasts vaguely mention the subject of the conversation but don't dive into it. I think is a good start.
for such course the most useful for me would have been the examples of writing styles/stories that correspond to the theory of the course. I found myself wondering on many occasions that I am not sure how I should write to be more impactful. Theory was good though.
I was hoping to take this course to learn about content marketing and to be able to use this in future jobs. I got a few videos in only to find out this is a course that teaches you to build your own website. This is not what I was wanting to learn about.
The course content was very large specially too much PDF to read and using podcast into the main topic like empathy map and experience map i would say its not acceptable. so my recommendations is some balance needed
Very generous in providing more resources in content marketing. Though, not all videos are available. I needed to still research on topics on my own. But this course will help me a lot in setting up my website.
Sonia Simone mentions several podcasts during her lectures which could not be found anywhere ...There was more reading material which made the course boring at certain times...
The logic and framework of this course are clear . But most of the important content has only MP3 versions so that I can not understand these parts very well.
I could not buy a website domain as instructed, so I have tried to unenroll from this course, but I have not been able to find the 'unenroll' option.
Some of the content was really helpful but it's a little dated. References Google+ a lot and never mentions Instagram and its impacts on content.
I don't like the podcast sessions; they couldn't grab my full attention, I can't imagine along with the examples, and they are way too long.
course is good but I don't know how they manage because after completing the week 3 am came to know where we can listen to the podcast.
The course is great! But we need to create a better system for the peer review assignment to make people give better feedback.
Good content marketing strategy i guess i was expecting more acknowledgement of creative skills? But hey! I learnt a lot :D
It could have been better. To be honest, those podcast interviews were really boring. Instead, do some video classes.
The course is very focused on the US market and some content related things may be too pushy for Europe for example.
There are more podcasts with no subtitles. Other foreigners like me may be caused by language barriers. But it's ok.
Good general content, but a lot of incomplete video sections with speakers named who do not appear.
I really enjoyed the presenter who was engaging and interesting. I didn't enjoy the podcasts.
Good! But, there were lot of books you had to read as quoted and very less video engagement.
The course was quite thorough, but the materials often repeated themselves.
Lots of good information, could def trim the fat. Its very repetative.
First 2 Weeks are okay...Audio podcasts are boring from third week...
Not very thorough on what to do and how to execute what you learn.
It was a good experience to update my marketing knowledge
This course is very important in marketing sector..
Good  one, Good for beginners for content writers.
Lots to read, little practise.
it should having more stuff
It can be more interactive.
Couldn't find the podcast
Loved the readings.
It was average
Great course, although the peer review process needs to be refined, with greater safeguards. I saw a lot of people asking for free passes in exchange for marking my work. I submitted my 'High Five' content and received a failed grade from another coursemate (I'm a qualified copywriter with 5 years' experience). I resubmitted the same coursework and received full marks. This is clearly not an ideal system. Also, you need to update some of the course - references to Google+ have not aged well.
It’s a great course! Very insightful, gave me some strategies I look forward to putting into practice. However, the peer reviewed assignment system isn’t ideal. I did an assignment well... included all elements, put a lot of work into it, made it visually appealing... and a guy gave me all zeros stating I didn’t do anything. Little unfair.
The course was great but the peer review process is bogus
Generally a useful course and I liked the presenter. I know nothing about marketing so it was a nice introduction that's not too specialist but goes into enough depth to actually be useful (some coursera courses tend to be too vague and common sense based that renders them useless, this was not the case here).The course overall created a favorable impression of UC Davis. I was actually offered to do an exchange with you last year, but declined as I was unsatisfied with the academic programme and the rude treatment I received from your staff, both admin and academic. Finding out about the pepper spray incident on campus and attempted cover ups by the uni was also pretty shocking. I would never study at a uni that treats its students that way. But after taking this course, It's nice to know that UC Davis has at least some decent staff who are friendly and have decent teaching skills. If you ever read this UC Davis, treating your students poorly affects your uni brand so please take lessons from the courses you teach and apply them in practice.To improve: the podcast/downloading additional materials was very inconvenient, which is ironic, considering how the course emphasized the importance of clarity and and 'easy' customer experience. In this case, I am your customer and you're pitching your course to me; I wasn't impressed. Structure could also be improved. Some terms used also lack clarity eg acceleration. Perhaps it's a convenient 'A', but the link between expanding my network and acceleration of business is a bit too far fetched, which is again ironic, considering how the course emphasized the importance of matching words to the message you're trying to convey. More clarity would be nice. Tbh I expected a bit more critical reasoning skills from a presenter with a history degree ;)Overall, however, not a bad course.
This is a solid grounding in understanding the basics of how online content is optimized to market your services, products and you as a brand. There are some technical weaknesses in that doing this course via your smartphone means you miss some of the cues for the additional materials - ironic since optimizing for mobile is one of the basics of content marketing. That's a bug I hope will be fixed.Many of the videos feel very similar and become "meta" in that they are discussing how to build content that will market you yourself as a content marketer. It would have been more helpful to have a throughline of examples that are real world.And finally -- this course is a few years old and does NOT cover the importance of Instagram or the rise of influencers as part of the tool kit. The course is very highly focussed on written content, no discussion of video or audio or how those elements work in content marketing in 2020.But if you are a freelance writer or consultant who needs to market themselves to sell your services -- this is a good grounding you can utlize for yourself. Will it teach you how to navigate digital/programmatic marketing or create a campaign using social media platforms? No, you'll need to find that elsewhere.
Pros:*Good for people with a basic knowledge of marketing.*Various topics are covered.Cons:*A lot of reading, which is quite repetitive at times.*Course hours stated are not accurate when you take all of the reading/audio into consideration.*Assignments could be explained better and with examples.I have given the course 4 stars based on the fact that when I enrolled, it was free. So, I would say that for a free course it is pretty good and there are some useful topics, including headline writing/keyword research/empathy and experience maps. Overall, I have some good takeaways to explore. However, the repetitive and extensive reading made the course a lot longer than expected and a little tedious at times. I would have also appreciated more detailed instructions for the assignments and more examples of work throughout the course e.g. empathy maps/how to include the "7 As". It would also be useful for people like me, who are just starting out, to have more info on whether to trust stock photos, including free trustworthy sites and free keyword research tools, etc.
I've learned a lot which I'm definitely going to put in to practice. This course provided a lot of usable information and whitepapers which is great. It really felt like a good quality course. A few critical notes: The workbook for the empathy map is vague, why don't you use a real empathy map as an example? A lot of people I've reviewed really had no clue how it was actually supposed to look or what they were supposed to be doing. The criteria used to grade peers is also different compared to what you're supposed to do in the assignments, I didn't like that either. You work hard on an assignment only to find out you get points on a lot of different stuff not mentioned in the criteria before you send in your assignment. Something that also annoyed me was peer reviewing, you get either lucky someone understands what they're supposed to be doing or you're screwed and you have to send in your assignment again to hopefully get a good grade.  Overall a good course but could improve a lot with a few little tweaks.
This class was fantastic! I really appreciated the free pdfs and exercises. Ms. Simone's voice was so calm and soft while delivering powerful words. She went in-depth with content marketing and explained each segment really well and clearly. I will definitely review the content she presented once more!One part that would have been wonderful or rather a bonus if she would have talked more about making your content portfolio and establishing your personal brand on your own website some more. And I wish we had access to the podcast/ interview with her colleagues. Other than that, I am well pleased.The ethics and copyright section was crucial due to the online world we live in now. I am happy she covered this and emphasized to not lie when it comes to content. Followed by giving credit and permission when it comes to photos. This is very important and can save you a headache. (And money)After taking this course, I am more confident about creating my own website and content. Thank you, Ms. Simone.
The course content was very informative. I found most of the sessions helpful and Sonia Simone very engaging to listen to. I did feel the readings were quite a lot given the time we had and wish there were more visually appealing snapshots of the 40+ pages of content we could keep at the end of it summarizing each article. There is just so much to pore over! But I appreciate the information shared and level of depth.   I do have one grievance. Your peer-review assignments don't work for serious learners because a lot of them are in here just for a free certification and have no clue as to what they are grading. Some of the submissions I have read were pathetic and lacking the most basic level of understanding. Please involve a moderator for your wonderful courses - someone who can fish out these folks as they are just wasting the time of those who need to get their work reviewed fairly.
This course certainly helped me to gain insights on Content Marketing, with the different strategy - from market research, crafting a "wow" headline, understanding your audience, to the type of content and how you are going to manage these contents.The assignments were great to not only test my understanding of the lesson, but also created a platform to try-fail-learn and got valuable feedback from other students. *Prepare yourself for some heavy content to read and absorb!Now, it is really the time to put these theories into practicality.Before I sign off, I would like to extend my invitation to you, yes you who is reading this, to connect with me on social media, and expand our network! Click on the links below now!LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/nicholasseowinstagram: https://www.instagram.com/nicholas.seowThank you all!Nicholas Seow
As someone who is a beginner content marketer, I found this course very helpful. However, there are a few things I would change:-Use video lessons and transcripts only. I found the podcast lessons hard to follow at times because the hosts would share unimportant anecdotes or it would become an ad for Copyblogger or Rainmaker Media. -Include a sample assignment for each peer-review assignment given. I think providing an example of what is expected would clear up any misunderstandings about the assignment and make it easier for people to grade their peers' work. -Integrate more of the learnings from the readings in the quizzes. I found that most quizzes only tested you on the podcast or video lessons. This then made it feel like most of the readings were pointless (especially for week 4), even though they had the most information.
This was a very good introductory class for understanding content marketing and how to be successful at it.  I actually learned quite a bit and believe it will help me as I develop a new business.  I appreciated Simone's professional, warm and enthusiastic approach. The written materials are excellent and will be invaluable for future reference. I think that having someone from the university or business do the reviewing and grading of assignments would be useful; I didn't think the feedback I received from course students was particularly helpful.  I also wonder about such a strong focus on Copyblogger; while they are clearly skilled and successful, and I appreciated their information and insights,  I would have appreciated hearing from a greater variety of individuals on the podcasts. Overall, I highly recommend this course.
The course is very good, the content of the videos and podcasts are interesting. The reading materials are a bit repetitive and not always related to the topics discussed in the week, but they still have value. The only reason it is not a 5-star course is the evaluation system. The whole evaluation is made by peer-review, which would be great if all the students were really involved in making a great course out of this, but sadly many are here only for the certificate, and they do not care to make good work nor a good review. I invested time and effort to make a good piece in week 4 and received a review that was literally "a" just to fulfill the mandatory comments. It was very frustrating and made this course lose a lot of its power.
I think the information, the authority of Copyblogger, and Sonia's calm, friendly demeanor (along with her expertise) are all great. As an experienced B2B marketer I'm always looking to up my game, so I would prefer a more advanced level course on strategy and planning. Much of the stuff I knew already, though of course refreshers and confirmations are always useful. This course is perfect for somebody just getting started in content marketing because it gives a holistic overview. One final recommendation: the materials need updating in some places--for example, some of the links were no longer valid and references to Google+ need to be removed.
I take this course not because of business but for non-profit purpose. I think most of the content can be applied in other fields as well. This course is very helpful. The deadline for submission is good as I have more motivation to finish every lesson on time. The assignments are challenging as well, I learn and understand better through the assignments. But, I hope there are subtitles for podcast learning, it's a bit difficult for me to catch some of the info in the podcast.  And, the peer review should be done by a professional tutor instead of classmates as the mark/score can be given by begging other people? Thank you.
I enjoyed this class and felt that it was a very helpful and useful course. My only suggestion for improvement: update some of the pdfs and include more up to date information. It is obvious that most of the content written for the pdfs was written around 2010 (mentions of Google+ and Tumbler) and there is no mention of newer social media platforms like Instagram. It makes the content feel dated. I'd also recommend someone go through and edit the documents as there were numerous spelling mistakes, not a great look for a course focused on writing. Other than that, great course! I loved taking it.
Great course with easy written techniques and content. It's a combination of videos, podcasts, assignment and written text all-in-one. Only downside for me were the actual assignments. It would have been nice if they had given some examples of what was expected of the students and improve the assessment process. Instead of them connecting you to other students to review, you have to ask for others to do this via their forum. I did not enjoy that part at all. Thank you for this course! I would still recommend it if you want to know more about content marketing on a more beginner level.
There was a great deal of edu material provided in this course via several different methods - video lectures, podcasts, eBooks, etc. I prefer visual over audio content, so there were too many podcasts and not enough videos for my learning style. I see some value in peer graded assignments, but would have preferred to have my work reviewed by the professor, or an expert in the field. Some of the peer reviews were very thoughtful and helpful, but others didn't even make sense in the context of the rubric for the assignment. Overall, the course was engaging and well worth the cost!
The course material is really interesting and I liked the content a lot! However, I think that written assignments shouldn't be reviewed by other classmates. Some of the people in my class didn't do half of the required bullet points in their work but still got marked well by someone who asked them to do the same in return. This helps people who have no idea about whole content of the course or didn't even learn anything get the certificate... on the other hand those who worked hard to get good grades can be marked badly just because some of the classmates may have a bad day :D
The course was very informative and taught me how to think about content, and more importantly, the audience who will finally consume it. The resources (books) werein-depth and extremely good. I am extremely happy with course.The only problem I faced was in Module 3 and 4. I felt the technical terms were a little overwhelming and difficult to follow along since this course is an introductory course and is targeted at content marketers who are starting off. So a visual presentation of the podcast points would have helped me visualize the ideas better.
Very informative, perfect for beginner and advanced learners. The course includes many materials like ebooks, videos and podcasts. Unfortunately, they uploaded informative videos/presentations only in the first two weeks. After that, you must hear many podcasts and some of them are not really useful. They are only advertisement for Copyblogger or don't explain the core problems and solutions for them.  On the other hand you have many quizzes and practical homeworks to train the theoretical stuff. All in all, I am satisfied with the course.
This course should be compulsory for every advertising
professional. It exceeded my expectations and I have learned so much. From personal branding to walking in the shoes of the
prospective customer and how; this course has offered application-based
knowledge through detailed frameworks of understanding the audience, and comprehensive writing techniques. Thank you, Sonia
Simone, Brian Clarke, the Copyblogger, and Rainmaker Team for compiling
such a comprehensive and relevant course. I can't wait to apply these
techniques in real-time!
A great course to learn content marketing.  Really good for those who have some idea of Content marketing or are already into it.  I really learnt the right approach towards content development.  Hope this will help me in claiming part time job along with my current job. I wish theories were discussed more clearly.  Podcasts were enlightening but theoretical aspects could have been touched more like related with Attraction, Affinity, Action and Authority.  In all a great courseMy best wishes to the team.  Thanks a lot.
This course is amazingly full of great content which is really practical. I learn a lot of copy blogging and how to make your blog more interesting and fascinating to your audience. The only reason I give this course 4 stars is that some of the classmates do not really grad the work according to the work you submitted. Eg. the grading rubric asks whether the work includes a picture of user persona or not (which I did), that person gives 0 point which means I did not include any photo.
Overall really great content that personal branding and how to think like a marketer. Plus, some great additional resources that I will review later. However, towards the end there were too many lessons hidden away as audio files which are less accessible and out-of-the-way, and misleading in terms of the actual times required to complete the course. If they took their own advice of turning those into video content, that would turn this into a 5-star course for me!
The course offers a wide range of materials related to content marketing.  It also provides several insights into the practical aspect of content marketing, such as copywriting, SEO, and particularly blogging development. However, the course offers inadequate information related to the know-how of writing, when it provides lots of bullet points but little instruction. Overall, it is a decent introductory course for anyone who interested in content marketing
I've benefited a lot by pursuing this course. I really learned a lot of things. From the beginning, I learn about the various stages of 7A framework, empathy map, experience map, four types of strategic content, copyright, professionalism and at last monitoring, reporting and prediction. I really learned a lot, as well as I, enjoyed the content and resources in this course. I want to say thank you to Coursera, University of California and Sonia Simone.
I had a pretty good experience throughout the course, knew a lot of materials that I didn't know before about Content Marketing as I'm a Science student.In some parts, it looked lengthy and the large reading materials wouldn't help much. Some lectures looked incomplete as the Instructor said to take over a person but nothing happens, the video cuts off.Overall the basics were a plus point. Would recommend anyone who's interested in Content Marketing.
I really enjoyed this course. It teaches you so much about content marketing and so many great ways to be successful at it. The reason I am giving it 4 stars is because I really didn't like how very important lessons were taught via podcast. It's very difficult to concentrate on and I would have loved to see visuals of what they were talking about, especially since they were very visual elements. Overall a great course and I am very happy I took it.
This course is highly effective when it comes to copywriting. From headlines to call-to-action, every part is explained properly and in great detail. However, one problem that I saw was the content being a bit out-of-date, like the text on usage of Google+ which is long gone. for the rest, this course is bound to polish your copywriting skills and improve your ability to convey a message in general as you become better with wordplay.
This is a great course if you're just getting into content marketing and want to build a proper foundation. It has quite basic lessons like how to build your own website and some of the lessons are repeated throughout the course. However, the peer-review assignments allow you to put those lessons into practice, which I found very helpful. This course is a great place to start if you want to learn more about content marketing.
This course was very well done, and I learned a lot about copywriting. My problem is with the peer review system. I could tell both of the people who reviewed my work hadn’t actually read my work. On top of that half the people I reviewed hadn’t done the work at all or hadn’t done it well. It just seems like there was no real system in place to make sure the work was actually being done. I did love the course though.
Very solid course, especially for beginners. The course did promise a lot at times and did not deliver at all and that's the only reason I'm not giving it five stars. If there was a way to rate it differently, I'd give it 4.5.I personally got a lot out of it and managed to implement ideas from it immediately. As the world of SEO is a slow one, I can't tell you whether or not I succeeded but I'm pretty sure I will.
Good introductory course on content marketing, content marketing strategies, and use of social media/websites to promote your business. Many good advise and strategies where shared in this course to generate traffic, leads, and ultimately business profits. I would recommend this course to anyone thinking of starting an online business presence or looking to create more online promotion of their business.
Very interesting, hands on and competent teachers. I also liked all the various forms for my learning: videos, podcasts, e-books, quiz's and assignments.The only thing that I did'nt like very much was the peer review-assignment in week 4. I had to wait a really long time before two people reviewed it. Otherwise - I really recommend this course!
Though sometimes extremely repetitive, the course itself offers an in-depth look at content marketing as a whole and allows us to truly grasp the niches of content marketing. A great way to start and get a true look into what content marketing is and how YOU can utilize it into your website, company, organization, etc. Great course!
Overall the course was helpful for frameworks and to keep my practice up-to-date with concepts that are used in other markets. Sonia was very clear and easy to follow. Some podcast interviews weren't accessible The value of these courses also increase if participants do their part in working hard and giving constructive criticism.
I really enjoyed this course, I've learned a lot of interesting things about the basics of content marketing. A lot of useful insights. The first 3 weeks especially have a lot of important content. The only thing I didn't like too much were the readings, as they took a lot of time but the content was also quite repetitive.
The course was concise and suitable for complete beginners. However, some videos are not shown as intended by the instructor where she attempts to show a video of her 2 colleagues explaining about some details in the course in the next video, but the video was never be shown to us instead it jumped into the next lesson
This course is very well done. It gives a broad overview on what content marketing is but it also get very specific on how to actually create and strategically use your content. Video lectures are clear and supplemental readings very useful. The only “drawback” is the absence of written scripts for podcast lessons.
Was very heavily targeted at those already working in copy writing or in a position to write copy for a company they are involved in. Still, all areas taught can be adapted to anything the student needs it for and will certainly help up skill those who wish to learn more about this area of writing.
The course was great and provided me useful tools to takeaway in my professional career! Perhaps the only feedback about the lessons is that it would help if the podcasts were featured more prominently, could they not be attached as part of the main video? In any case, everything else was great!
Very helpful and educational. It is important to take notes. They will help when taking the quizzes. My only complaint is that the peer grading can be a little unfair. I had to submit an assignment multiple times in hopes that considerate people would grade me fairly so that I could pass.
Very interesting class. Gives some general guidelines on how to improve your journey as a content marketer, and also some good practical exercises to adapt what you've learned and improve your skills. I recommend this not only for copywriters but also for social media managers as well.
A good course to get you started with or if you want to implement content marketing in your current role to increase engagement in your communications. The course is not that rigorous neither is it easy. The learnings are spread across 3 elements i.e Video, Audio and Reading material.
It would help if there were live videos instead of the audio files, but otherwise the lectures were very concise, though I think the e-books are a lot better read than to tune into the videos. But all in all, the course is worth taking for every content marketer or writer out there.
Great course that serves both as a perfect introduction to the subject and as a more in-depth look at some of its aspects. I found some parts to be a bit too repetitive, but other than that it's really worth it if you're interested in copywriting or content marketing in general.
I think it would be nice if this course doesn't have separate podcast mp3s in the videos but rather just put a soundwave after Mrs. Simone laid out the overview for a video so it would be less distracting. But the overall material is sublime and well-structured.
For me, this course helped me get knowledge on the basics. Materials given probably not really related to this days in 2020 as we have more dynamic strategy. But to learn the basic theory is good, so we can strategize more effectively to promote our content.
This course gave insights into content marketing in a fine way. Overall Learning journey & course material was good. Just one thing to add is that this course is created around 2012 to 2015 so I would have given 5 Star if they would have updated the course.
There were some lessons that seemed to be missing but overall, it was a highly educational experience. Ms.Simone was clear and concise with her teachings and I feel as if I've learnt a lot from her that I can apply to both my career and professional growth.
It's an amazing course for anyone beginning his/her journey in the field of Content Marketing. The course structure is a good mix of audio, video, & text material. Weekly assignments and practical connection of the content with real-life is praiseworthy!
Sonia is a seasoned professional. In this course she shared a lof of useful tips for content marketing. However, you must write your own content to put all the skills into practice. This course helps me think about my own work while learning new tricks.
This is a solid introduction to Content Marketing. It gives an overall structure to the craft and a few opportunities to practice what is being learned.  I feel more confident following this craft and will be deepening my knowledge with other courses.
I think it is a great introductory course. I would have love to watch more videos en listen less podcasts - or not making the podcasts so important - because is not that easy always to listen them on the go with the app. But in general I'm satisfied.
Perfect for those starting their digital content journey. Sonia it's such an amazing driver and able to inspire and clarify with every lesson. Those who already work with content for a few years (as it was my case) will discover something new.
The course is very interesting, but sometimes there are more podcasts than videos. In my opinion, this podcasts are a bit chaotic. Also it's easier to watch the video with nice presentation, especially when English is not your first language.
It was good, I learned more about content marketing.But there are some parts that were explained through mp3 of interviews (which I would prefer to have presentation) and not enough examples.The papers were a bit redundant at some topics.
This course is helpful in getting to know the basic thinking level required for creating marketing strategy for the company business. Instructor has provided the right kind of materials and videos. I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course,
Excellent course! I would hope you have an extension of this course focus only on Copywriting. It would be helpful to have more practical work in this subject. This also woke up in me a feeling that makes me want to work we you guy!
A good course overall. The course took longer than I expected because of the sheer number of podcasts that I had to listen to - and they were kind of uninteresting. I did enjoy the PDFs that were attached and learned a lot. Thanks!
Great course, but the amount of material it has - could have been shorter. Some e-books go over the same stuff over and over again. Also way too much marketing for Wordpress, it put me off it, went to Squarespace instead.
Excellent theoretical content. It is missing practical examples or business cases. It encourage you to open your own website but it doesnt give examples of how to créate traffic or make it attractive in a long term.
IT IS INDEED ONE OF THE GREATEST COURSE IF YOU'RE LOOKING A COURSE IN THE STREAM OF MARKETING OF YOUR CONTENT. REALLY THANK YOU UC DAVIS AND COURSERA FOR THIS COURSE. LOOKING FORWARD FOR MORE COURSES FROM YOUR SIDE
This is a very solid course with great material. It could be improved by integrating the podcast segments better (not included in time, hard to find...) and having clear rubrics / instructions for the assignments.
The course was great and allowed me to challenge myself beyond my limits. I realized, I only knew so little before taking this course. I'm grateful to the team involved in making this course and helping us grow.
I am only giving 4 stars because the voice in the videos was so low that I struggled to hear what was being said. Other than that this course deserves a 5 star for its rich content and interactive presentation.
It is very useful course for any marketer. I would like to add more examples of ideal emphaty map and more examples of great text including four types of content. The course with many examples will be the best!
I love the reading materials as well as the concepts of 7A framework and Empathy map. But it seems like too many MP3 files during the course. It is better to transverse the audio files to video presentation.
I really like the course. Thank you for the opportunity given to be a part of it. Please do try to include current materials for study and references. I observed that most of the materials are from 2012.
This was a very detailed course that provided great info to the learner. I will say there should be prompts that peer graders need to follow. That way people are getting honest and helpful feedback.
Very good course, it made me gain a vast knowledge on the Content Marketing topic. However, I believe the podcasts would be more easy to get and to focus on with some visual schemes during them.
A very good course and gave me lots of new insight about the matter.I hope there'll be more presentation through the video as for podcast, I'm having difficulties to understand the material.
Great course, and if you are a freelance or do you work specially in this type of business, will help you a lot in how to develop a great content marketing for your blog / website...
Wish there was only more specifices on how to write, yes there are umpteen amounts of examples but never divulging into one indusrty just for the sake of it very just "marketing"
Excellent course to learn if you want to hold grounds in the marketing business. The strategies and how to manage your true audience will help you constantly grow your business.
This is great course for content marketers looking to improve their skills. It provides a lot of instruction on how to analyze your customer and effectively connect with them.
After going through this course I have a much clearer understanding on content marketing and the applicable strategies to make the content more effective and purposeful.
In the podcast audio interview, it is highly difficult to keep concentration as it doesn't have video. It would be great if audio interviews can be changed to video one.
Great course to help you dive into the world of content strategy and media. its a great way to introduce yourself to the concepts and fundamentals of content marketing.
Very thorough and insightful. A great way to learn new things and refresh your memory of the content marketing insights you might have forgotten throughout your career.
Informative, engaging, and interactive through assignments and discussion posts throughout the course. I'm not a content marketer by training and I enjoyed this class!
Overall a good effective course for a marketer /content writerCertain Podcast given are not informative specifically those given in Week-4 -types of content creation
It is really good.  A lot to learn. it has been designed not only to learn also to execute the learning at the same time. I think it is the best part of the course.
Its a great course for beginners and refreshers. If you already have experience on digital marketing and content creation, you should be able to link them together.
I really enjoyed this course. Some of the strategies are timeless and other more tactical stuff a bit more outdated. I would love to see this refreshed for 2020.
Very informative course, well structured and clear every concepts with examples. The problem is the peer assignment. Some people literally mark 0 for no reason.
Very useful course for students, I am glad I get chance to learn from the very reputed instructor like sonia simone and brian Clark and Jessica, thank you.
A good comprehensive overview of how to actually 'do' and implement content marketing that will generate a business result. Very easy to follow materials.
I had lot of trouble uploading the assignment files and getting required support in resolving it hence I give it 4 stars. The content was very good.
As no-native english, I found hard completly understand what there was in the audio parts. I would have really appriciated more video instead.
first of all i would like to share that i liked the polite voice of Sonia Simone and secondly about the course it will be very helpful for me
It was very helpful to understand the meaning of content. The only that is a bit problem was the podcasts but it is ok with good quality..
Benefited so much on the framework provided as well as the format of empathy & experience map, in order to construct a powerful content.
It's quite good and motivates a lot if you're a beginner, as I am myself. Though, in my personal opinion,  there's too much of reading.
The course is great and the readings are fantastic, but there are so much lesson in podcast (mp3) format, and I have a hearing problem.
This is a very good course and a must have course for the people who want to pursue their career in the field of content marketing.
Very good course, maybe add more activities as well as a more in-depth guide for peer-evaluators to rate the work more effectively
Feeback is too random and the instructions sometimes a bit too unclear which is why the submissions differ greatly from eachother
good material, good readings, good direction to find out more. thank you for making it possible to participate and learn.
Great course and good to gain more knowledge regarding strategy marketing, contents and dealing with customers
Lots of podcasts make the course vague at times. Assignments are significant that taps the inner potential.
Sonia and Brian are fun, informative and engaging to listen to. I've enjoyed all that they've had to share.
Very well designed course with facilitators with tremendous knowledge on the subject matter. Love it!
Very insightful course. This is useful for both the begineers and experience learners in the field.
The videos and reading materials were great and of great use. Only the podcasts were a bit boring.
This is very useful Course for beginners who want to go professional life of Content marketing .
It is a really good course to help you understand the need for strategies in content marketing.
Solid content and it could have been better if the instructions of assignment are clearer.
A lot of readings to be done, which means more time spent, but readings were very helpful
The content is awesome but the material is a bit uneffective (the interview audio part)
Great resources. Flexible learning. I'll refer back to the resources often. Thank you!
This has been a great course but not exactly relevant to what I'm looking for
Really strong for beginners and has enough for seasoned pros to get smarter.
Informative and easy to use. Diverse mix of teaching and learning methods.
This course is very useful and a better way to develop our business
content marketing is one of the good certificate course on Coursera
Good course to keep improving the creation of good quality content!
Very insightful course,I have learned the art of content marketing
Good course! suggest to people who want more techniques and tips!
This is really a very good course, it worth to give time.
Got to learn easily with good assignment on this platform
Thanks for the course and the course was worth it for me.
It was very nicely explained. Got to learn new things.
I will use all what I learned, I fill more confident.
Great course! Super informative and easy to grasp :)
Is good, if you want to make publicity on internet.
Assignment for Content writing is the best for me.
Great Course. Very practical framework approach!
Some really useful parts to it and I enjoyed it.
It would be better to make less podcasts:)
It was a good course but a litlle dificult
good, just more instructions are needed
Thank You guys for this amazing Course!
Wish there was more creative work
Interesting and useful material.
Please add more assignments. :)
Great course, very informative
Great content in the readings
It contains so many podcasts.
Good for basic understanding
Quite good and helpful
Good Marketing course
Good cpurse
It is grea
thanking
Great Course! Empathy mapping and 7A content strategy were my best takeaways. However, I will suggest a few improvements. This Course is almost 4 YEARS OLD and I am sure some new elements could be added to it from time to time to keep it fresh. It would be good if more course content is added in the VIDEO FORMAT rather than giving us so many BOOKS to read. And about books -  A LOT OF THEM CONTAIN JUST THE SAME INFORMATION. Also, EXPERIENCE MAPPING CAN BE EXPLAINED MORE APTLY. And lastly - PEER-GRADING REVIEW SYSTEM system should be MONITORED and IMPROVED as many learners blindly review one another with full grades just to pass and get the certification.
This was a great course although it was difficult to find some of the materials they reference during the course, I was able to wing it but it would have been nice to have the full content available.
Extremely Helpful for people wanting to enter the field of content writing, content marketing and technical writing. The course also provides useful pointers for beginners wanting to start their own blog.
Amazing course! I learn various new words and phrases that impress me a lot. I have sent my wordpress link. Kindly review me how am going. http://nj2016.wordpress.com
Amazing couurse! Recommend it for every manager and copywriter.
This is a great course for anyone starting out their own business or in an organisation, who is aware of the enormous benefits effective content marketing can bring. Each module is divided into clear, relevant and very insightful topics. The course content is top quality, and picks apart the concepts that are crucial to the successful implementation of content marketing. The delivery is also excellent - very clear explanations, backed up by examples. The format is ideal, since you can watch, re-watch, listen and re-listen as many times as you need to.My one criticism is that there is probably too much reading that isn't that relevant to the assignments in weeks 3 and 4. If you actually sat down and read through every reading material given you'd never get any work done. This could be refined a bit more.
An amazing course that opens up a world of opportunities and learning for people looking to get into the Digital Marketing space. A must for any student with a great instructor in Sonia who helped elucidate the various concepts in the course. The additional material will prove to be great guidance through your content journey and your career prospects. Thanks to Coursera, UC Davis, Rainmaker Digital, Sonia, Brian and all other people who helped make this course the great experience that it was. It's a shame that it is only a one-off course but I hope many students stand to benefit from it.
Its Excellent course to learn copy writing for new comers who want to learn copy writing. There were lot of study materials, evaluations  and more over practise assignments which makes it a wonderful course. Thank you for the oppurtunity to learn.
Thank you for this incredible course!It was so great to dive in a atmosphere of positive creativity and professionalism.Thank you teacher, for all the lessons and examples, videos and tests.Thank you Coursera, for giving chance to study for free in this difficult moment.I'm refugee from Russia to Sweden, restarting my life again now in new country.So, it's essential for me to have new skills and knowledge, for free now.It was a blessing for me to take part in this course, really.Thank you all!
This course takes even experienced folks through the whole process of understanding how well their content could be doing right now and how they can improve on it. Plus it helps you build a strategy for creating your content. Needless to say, you will understand the use of having a personal site as a professional. I had to get mine www.emmanueibekwe.com
Sonia Simone did a great job with this course. I can't imagine the number of new things I have learned as regards content creation. I didn't just learn, I was able to put into practice what I have learned making it stick. Thank you, Sonia Simone, UAC, and Coursera for giving me this opportunity to grow professionally.
Phenomenal course which lit the spark within me to fully embrace the path of the content marketeer. Thank you for opening up a new world to me and giving me a new vision. Simply stunning content. Don't hesitate, sign up now!
I just started getting into content marketing for my company. For a beginner like me this course was very informative. Furthermore the course is very well structured so that you can easily follow the lecturs.
This course is amazing, really excellent; the instructor is very clear, the structure is adequate; the assignments are really challenging, they really require to put the theory in practice, I recommend it.
For those who want to start your content marketing journey, you may want to take this course. It focuses on touch base points but also goes into further details on what you need as a content marketer.
For those who want to start your content marketing journey, you may want to take this course. It focuses on touch base points but also goes into further details on what you need as a content marketer.
This course is super awesome. Lots of interesting tools and frameworks that are shared by the instructor and the assignments give you a wonderful chance to apply the same. I highly recommend it!
An amazing theoretical and practical approach to content marketing for all levels but especially marketing professionals looking to fine tune their digital marketing skills.
Very helpful, and enlighting.  Gives good solid advice on what you should focus on when creating content. Thank you very much Sonia and the whole UC Davis Team
Way more than I expected! Excellent course and real pleasure to read and listen to! Highly recommend it to everyone regardless of industry you work in.
Very nice and decent course should be done by people who are into content marketing or people in corporates as the terms are useful for all .
Great Introductory course to Content Marketing. I found this course and the quality of information provided very valuable to my learning.
This is a great course on content marketing! All the materials are well presented and even as a beginner you get lots of information!
Great, great, great!
how did it help to develop your action items to
develop your content marketing strategy? It really helps me to come up with creative headlines to
grab attention of the audience. Before I had troubles grab users' attention and
wondered why is my content not being viewed by many people? So, I started with
the customer persona and I have realized, I didn't have a clear audience. And
that really surprised me. When I had a clear goal of whom to deliver my
message, it was a game-changer. My blog views have increased by 8.4% after using the
strategy of content marketing. In the era of the internet, this course has
provided me tons of valuable information that is practical. I'm surprised that
the internet course can bring such fruitful lessons if one has a strong
dedication. What ideas did you gain from the course and will implement
it? "Empathy map" and "Experience map"
is a key thing that I have learned in this lecture. And more importantly,
applying in a real-life situation boosted my competitive advantages. Realizing
how to write meaningful and fascinating stories is a mind-blowing experience.  What are you already doing well? Where do you need to
strengthen?  I love the fact that people all around the world give
constructive feedback on my project. People love my contents and stories behind
them and find them really interesting. It is a great feeling when I can be like
an artist and deliver the beauty of content to
the audience. However, I have missed delivering a clear "call to
action". I have learned that persuading people to take action is key
to the revenue stream. And it will be my ongoing mission to strengthen
this point. plus the
course helped me in understanding the numbers behind my audience's behavior
with the use of data and metrics from my Google Analytics account. My learning
objects were exceeded with this Strategy of Content Marketing course.
I'm quite impressed about each and every single piece of knowledge and advice that Sonia Simone and Brian Clark have given me. Not only the knowledge itself, but the way they share it in such a nice, close, warm, clear and practical manner.I'm actually thinking, at the end of my 40 year career as a marketer, researcher, advertiser and innovator for mass market products, to become a writer and creative for content marketing.  Hearing it from them sounds so interesting!!!THUMBS UP!!! This course was, simply said, GREAT!!!The resources and all the content is everything one needs to understand the subject of Content Marketing, wether you are responsible for that, or you are the client. In any case, you have what is needed to have a good sense of what is needed.As per Sonia and Brian, they are excellent communicators of their knowledge. And, most of it, they are so GENEROUS when sharing it. Im very grateful to them. They are truthful and they are also very ethical. I wish I could hire them for any Content Marketing I had to develop and being a part of my team.THANK YOU!!!
This course has been a good introduction to content developing and marketing it. It also provides tips on how to work with industry professionals, consumers and how to draft expectations that the three-way party can be agreeable with. It also considers the ethical and professional responsibilities as a content developer, which I believe imperative in today's digital age as content can be easily published online. To benefit deeply from the course, one should peruse not only the videos but the practice books provided, and apply them in your real lives. Overall a course that is easy to follow, if you are looking to get an overview of content marketing, this would be it.
I'm really happy to have made the decision, during this COVID quarantine, to start to invest in my knowledge. I lost my job and during the quarantine and despite the difficulties, it forced me to open new doors. And I am studying hard in an attempt to start something new, either as a freelancer or opening my own digital marketing agency and I know that now with all the knowledge I acquired in this course, which was very comprehensive and also knowledge from other courses I have taken in another areas of digital marketing and SEO, I feel very confident. I don't even remember that we are in the middle of a crisis. I only see opportunities on the way.
I've learned a lot from this course. I see content marketing
in a different light now, and I see how and why my past professional
deliverables have worked and all the places I can improve. Relationships are
key - relationships with your audience, your stakeholders, your peers and all
the curious minds around you. There's a science behind content marketing that
is reflected in all of our different behaviors. It's been exciting to uncover
some of it during this course.I have achieved more than expected with this course, learned
so many new things and even built new connections from around the world. It's
been a great experience!
this course was phenomenal. if you're looking for a framework to begin or even refine your career as a content marketer, strategist or writer, this course is a great way to do that. it's very much self-directed in that you'll get out of it what you put into it. if you go into the course with an objective in mind (or an audience, it will prove even more useful). finally, the podcasts are great -- unconventional for a course -- but it lets you "study" on the go. pro-tip: the bulk of the depth of knowledge is in the ebooks. jam-packed with wisdom AND great examples of exceptional writing. A+ work on this course, guys.
This is a comprehensive course arranged in a structured manner using the content available on the Copyblogger website.Sonia is a great presenter - which means that her experience speaks, and she doesn't let this look fluffy or boring at all. It seems like the team has extracted all the essential information necessary to create content strategies and then put them together. It has definitely been worth the time. It's more than watching videos or reading PDFs - it introduces you to new perspectives and actually teaches you something that matters.
Sonia did a wonderful job; keeping the flow going and professionalism.  I enjoyed the course as it made me reexamine how we generate content and think about it in new ways to focus on my blog.  For the peer exercises, the directions were a bit vague and I could see that as I graded some papers that other students did not understand what was asked.I wish we took a dive deeper into instagram, facebook and pinterest and ways to use those outlets.Also, I am in need of SEO help with my site.Thank you again!
Sonia Simone paraphrases Ezgi' mantra :) , recapping it “the essence of great content marketing: listen, question, and respond.” Sonia Simone engage students in new material by asking questions to stimulate curiosity and interest, seeking to bring learning materials to life by linking them with each student’s inner world, inadvertently showing the student why he/she can potentially fill a gap in their mind by adding to their knowledge bank. Thank you so much. I really appreciate everything you’ve done.
This course from starting to finish is superb!.from the strategic context frame work to crafting content marketing strategy using the empathy and experience map to the strategic types of content and finally to managing  your content which ran from week 1 to week 5 I've gained a whole lot from copywriting,content writing, content marketing, marketing,and even blogging.Though I would suggest they use lesser podcast and I must say kudos to Sonia Simone and Brian Clark,they were really fantastic!
It was a wonderful experience with Coursera. This is the first course i have enrolled and finished it on time. After finishing every week videos and assignment , I have felt a wonderful experience.  i was never expected that this much of knowledge i will get from this. but i am requesting to the Coursera team to review my financial aid course. because during this pandemic COVID19 situation we have lost our opportunities in companies. so kindly requesting you to reply my application.
I am so glad that I have taken this course! It is very informative, interesting, easy to follow, very well explained, very inspirational too. Only a comment: in the assignment week 3, I think the task was not very clear, first for me, then I realized that for my peers was not also clear. I think is missing to say: create and send another document, please not send the workbook, something like this ;) Thanks very much! I learned a lot! I am so grateful! :) Cheers!
The entire course itself is the perfect exemplar of content marketing. It's a very comprehensive introduction with lots of hands-on practical tips that can be instantly implemented. I highly recommend this course to anyone posting stuff on the internet. It's a fast-paced world out there where attention is a scarce commodity. Learning how to speak the language of your audience and assert authority is essential to navigating social media and today's world.
It has been a very interesting course, very well structured from A - Z, detailed and full of substantial tips from everyday experience.  I am very much pleased I met Sonia and Brian even through audio and video.On the other hand, I am not so pleased with coursera services and especially with all sorts of problem-solving, communication, FQ&As way of handling.   I would very much prefer a more direct way of communication through email.
This is a very good course especially for people who wanted to learn more about online marketing especially content marketing. This course gives a bird-eye view for me on content marketing and had definitely broaden my knowledge on how to do copywriting, write attention catchy headlines, and a lot of tips and important things that matter in writing a truly effective copy. One of the best course I had on Coursera I can say!
My journey was very successful with Sonia Simon what I got from this course is unbelievable. I strongly recommend all my friends whatever student or business owners to consult coursera to fulfill their future. The course materials are relevant and applicable for your real business. Thanks to coursera my lock down is very meaningful. I got true growth in this time of covid that I couldn't believe it at all.
Very useful course. It gives a clear picture about the present content marketing trends and how to identify the major factors that influencing customer buying behaviour. Also it helps the participants to conduct a journey through the customer mind using various efficient techniques. Really the course should be a great help to develop a clear view of content marketing strategies.
The Course is really amazing the speakers really know and are very experts in content marketing - You gonna have many insights and breakthroughs and received a really fundamentals of the matter. The only things could be better - than the interview with brian could be in a video and not in audio - also the peer assignment could have more instructions and examples to how to do.
The course provide me an overview about Content Marketing and also gain my acknowledgment so much. Through the course, I understand clearly about the elements of a good content, how to attract customer, empathy and experience map, types of content and the important of landing page. It very interesting and useful for content marketers. Lets try it out!
This course delivers amazing content for someone who is being introduced to the concept of Content Marketing for the first time. The videos and podcasts, the exercises and the 2 assignments were very helpful. The instruction is superb and the content is really good and interesting. I had a lot of fun learning the material presented in this course!
This is a course I tremendously learned from and enjoyed at the same time! I've been doing Marketing and Communications for quite some time now, and this course truly helped me become better in what I do - especially learning about different framework and strategic types of content that'll make an impact to the business. Highly recommended. :)
This course was a game-changer! I had to re-evaluate the content of my entire blog, which proves how much I learned... and still have to. But I'm excited! I am more engaged and focused than ever on the subject of content marketing. I recommend this course to anyone who wants to feel the same. Thank you UCA, Davis and Sonia Simone!
Nicely structured course touching upon all the aspects of Content and Copy writing . The instructor is great and easily conveys the concept of the course and modules. Very practical assignments to test the knowledge. I definitely feel more confident in terms of creating  content strategy for a website, blog, social media channels.
This course was well worth it. The information was thorough and illuminating. I learnt a lot and was definitely elevated to a higher level of thinking and doing. The instructor was on-point in delivering the lessons and the assignments were useful in allowing you to test and challenge your knowledge and skills. AWESOME programme!
I really enjoyed this curse. Very interesting and effective! I learned so much and can't wait to put all this in practice with my blog. Only little remark, I would have appreciated my assignments being reviewed by the instructor, not by (still unqualified) peers. This to have more constructive critics and suggestions to improve.
I enjoyed participating in this course because it was easy to follow,Fantastic teachers! Thank you very much .With this course, I can have more knowledge about content marketing, I learn more about business process, building professional brand, 5P approach,7A framework, mapping, type of content and effective content promotion.
I met this course at a time I was giving up on digital marketing as my content strategy failed most times to convert. This course has not only taken me through the strategy that is getting me making money through conversion but also has transformed me into what I describe as the 'strategic content marketer of the new age'.
I really did learn a lot from this course, and I'm grateful that I took the chance to indulge myself in it. I was so captivated that I finished the whole thing in five days! Writing has always been a passion of mine, and the fact that this course helped me improve my skill goes to show how amazing and effective it is!
The course was awesome, really liked the Videos, Podcasts, and Reading material and have learned so much from them. Stuff i have already started implementing in my work as a student Association's Head of Content Marketing.It was explained so well that you can use it for any possible content marketing scenario!
Great efforts by all the speakers, especially by Sonia ma'am. You're really a great teacher and moreover helped me to understand everything about content marketing strategies. Plus, I will never forget the value of 'A' in my life as my name also starts with the same alphabet. Thanks a lot for all your help.
A great experience!!Coursera enables all the users to develop their skills and knowledge by providing great courses with a combination of theoretical and practical aspects which help us better understand the topics and excel in it. I guess its a perfect way by which an individual can develop his/her career.
It was a great experience and learning process. Got to know the minute intricacies of developing strategic content and ways to get the audience and retain them. From 7A framework to empathy mapping it was a great journey of gaining knowledge. A small advice, the audio quality of podcasts can be improved
Sonia was an incredible professor. The way she explained the material made it very easy to retain. One can also tell that she enjoys teaching and takes her work very seriously. Thank you so much for the new skills. My marketing confidence has skyrocketed and I feel like i have a leg up on competitors.
I found this really helpful in understanding how the content is prepared what is empathy and behavior mapping the tools to measure the performance and kind of content that I need to create to get best engaging community over my social media profiles and also I did learn basics of personal branding.
fantastic course overall! truly learnt so SO much about marketing and blog/copy writing. and, the best part about this online course is that it's completely free but you gain so much more than you had initially started off as. thus, highly highly recommend (great way to spend your extra time on)!!!
Definitely RECOMMEND this course! If you are a copywriter and you think there´s nothing else to learn, then join this course, I´m sure you´ll be glad to be proven wrong, cause it´s just amazing. And so student friendly. Super clear. So much uselful material. Sonia is awesome, you´re gonna love it!
Sonia Samone is absolutely the right person to teach this course. She knows exactly what she is talking about and her delivery is kind. An instructor you want to learn from. The course itself provides you with tons of resources and for a beginner I believe you can't ask for much more than this.
This course very good and everyone who prefers to handle blog, website or he may be writer must do this course. One thing lags in this course is the Peer Graded Assignments. Our work is checked by other member who is doing this course So we don't get marks according to our work or assignments.
If am opportuned to rate more that 5stars I'd gladly do that..I must admit that to have learnt and comprehended a lot from this course. All my gratitude Goes to God who made it possible for me to complete this course as well as Sonia, Brain and Jessica Thank you for your time and tutor😊
There is no doubt about the high quality of the course where the learning progression is very effective and useful. I consider it a great opportunity to go deep on copywriting topics and understand new ways to frame them on a new action plan for inbound marketing and content strategies.
Very insightful. very comprehensive and realistic. Definitely motivating and encouraging. Validates what otherwise would have been instinctive and definitely pushes you forward to create meaningful and effective content moving forward. Thank you it's been a great learning adventure!
This course has been extremely informative for me. The content provided is amazing. I gained insights into the world of content marketing, and this course has enlightened me on many prospects. The assignments were really challenging, and doing those made me realize how well I write!
Great course if you are looking to learn more about the Strategy of Content Marketing in the digital world. The course had a great selection of reading material complimented with very good videos. With quiz’s, assignments and peer grading, the course was overall, very well-rounded.
Fantastic course, you'll learn a very thorough understanding of marketing, copy writing, website design (in order to tell a story) along with many other related and helpful concepts. Well worth it if you put the work in. Reading the supplemental materials was very helpful.
Loved to follow this course! I hold a master degree in Communication but we didn't get much practice, this course made it possible to mix practice, theory, testimonies and exercices. I am persuaded this is going to push me forward in my career. Thank you very much!
Great course! Well structured and easy to follow along at your own pace. I really liked all of the reading material, and that I will be able to go back and reference the material in the future if I need to. Great course for a beginner in this area, like myself.
This course is an excellent introduction into Content Marketing for someone who has no education or experience in the field. This worked so well as a foundational course for me. The readings are easy to digest and include relevant links and campaign examples.
This was a very helpful, methods and techniques-based approach to learning. The depth of the experience of Sonia Simone is visible in the content, and you are given a lot of practical resources to go further with your learning journey. A three thumbs up!
The course was awesome and the faculty was amazing. I feel very happy for choosing the course and getting it completed.  The course was very well organised and helped me to become good content writer. My sincere thanks to Coursera and to the University.
An excellent course for anyone who wants to start in content marketing. The practical tasks are essential I recommend this course to all interested and mainly to those who intend to work with digital marketing.
Thanks to Coursera for this learning path.
A brilliant course for anyone deciding to get into copywriting and content creation. Great value+ industrial insights + BRILLIANT reading material makes it a CUTTING EDGE course. I highly recommend this to anyone who wants to stand out in this world!
Good course. This is a great course for who are interested in the field of content marketing. I had a great opportunity. And guys here alot of things you have to explore. And don't miss the chance. And thanks to the whole team of coursera.thank you.
perfect! this course has changed my life, i found really helpful things for doing my job better and it gave me ideas for my career and my goals...it gave knowledge and confidence and i have never been this excited about content marketing in my life.
Great content! Very comprehensive with lots and lots of resources and case studies provided. Peer reviews for the assignments got a bit weird, because some students clearly did not follow the assignment requirements and gave others bad reviews.
This course was excellent.  Incredible teaching from industry experts laid out in an easy to follow, informative structure.  The free reading content alone is an amazing resource for understanding and navigating the world of content marketing.
This course is actually very functional and skillful. The terms and strategies is being taught by an expert. It has got every effective information regarding the content marketing, i personally feel it's worthy and will surely recommend it.
The course was divided into bite-sized lessons which made the absorption and retention of concepts quite easy. I also liked that the course covered the basics of content marketing while also  going on to dive deeper into certain aspects.
I developed my Professional writing skills and learnt essential skills which include: Copywriting, Building a professional brand, The 7A Framework for Creating Strategic Content,Empathy and Experience Mapping and How to Manage Content.
An extremely helpful and informative course, especially in conjunction with multi-modal training. Training materials were well organized and provided good case studies. Instructor was extremely professional and pleasant to learn from.
This course was well structure, with excellent learning resources and many tips on how to immediately use the knowledge gained during the course. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to learn about content marketing!
Nice and easy to understand... Although they have used the text (2016 and we are in 2020), it helps in clearing basic doubts and great to learn basics. Having said this, they should introduce new text and things for 2020 as well
The course is well structured, the informations are clear and the explanations are not too formal. The content are very interesting and gives you the right basics and tools to write a compelling copy and create valuable content.
Really well structured. It guided me step by step to the world of copy and content marketing with topics I've never heard previously during my marketing studies. A lot of readings and practice make this course really effective.
This a great course. The only suggestion that I have is to the course provide a transcription of the podcasts. I heard all of them, but a transcription would make it easier to get my videos notes with ones from the podcast.
This was my first experience with anything related to content and marketing. I have enjoyed the class and I am thinking of trying to get into this as a career. Thanks for all the information and good luck with everything!
The Course was really helpful an spiring. Now I feel capable of not only creating a content marketing strategy for my personal brand but also identifying new opportunities along this pandemic which we're all bearing.
Often we find ourselves in comfort zones hence we’re scared of trying new things. It’s actually my first time undertaking an online course and I must say, it’s been worthwhile. Thank you Coursera for the opportunity.
Excellent course. This is a must take course if you do any kind of marketing for your business, even if you are not a copy writer by trade. Useful for everything from blogging to SM posts! Highly recommended
Very interesting and rich course that will give guideline to anyone that needs to master the strategy of content marketing. Sonia is very clear in her explainations et is providing useful tools and advices.
An excellent course, takes you step by step in planning & executing a content marketing strategy for the long term. The support material shared is an excellent resource for reference and use for the future.
I use to have a different understanding of what content marketing was and after this course, I have fully understood and will leverage this understanding to manipulate my job and add value to my expertise.
This course was informative, well organized and contained practical, implementable information. It also provided direction for me and how to continue building my skills and knowledge asI pursue my career.
It was a fantastic experience going through this course and I have become wiser in many ways.  The two assignmentswere eye-opening even though I had done it practically on the job many times.  Thank you !
I really liked the class, I had no knowledge on these topics and now that I started a business with my mom I want to apply the learning that this course gave me. Thank you very much, very complete.
This course goes indept in content strategy market.  It touched base on a lot of  complex topics and simplified it.  It empowered me with the tools i needed to start something in market of content.
A VERY good course, totally worth it. The lectures are clear & well-structured, there's a good amount of quizzes & assignments. I really feel I've learnt so much from this. Thank you Sonia & Brian!
Very good course, but you should be a little bit more strict about the assignments in my opinion, because everyone can pass only by begging others to give a good grade in exchange for a good one.
Very thorough and relevant course. It's given me a lot of new ideas for my next content pieces! Simone has a great voice that keeps you interested to find out what's coming next. Fully recommend!
It was really interesting to follow this course full of ideas and technical notions. The comparison with the other students was also very stimulating: I will continue to do courses on Coursera.
Your Videos So Excellent Nice
#Mytv786 1st like and comment yesss n view stay connected always. Nice video
big like👍Done I hope you come back👍👍👍👍👍❤️ 💙💛🌸🌸🌺🌺🍃🌱🌷💐🌿🌱💓
#Mytv786,
I really like the course because it gives you  projects where you can practice what you have learned. I enjoyed engaging with the community and having feedback with others.Excellent course !!
I enrolled myself in a six weeks course, "The Strategy of Content Marketing" offered by the University of California, Devis, lead by Chief Content Officer - Sonia Simone.Thank you, Coursera!
Very useful course. By participating in the course you can gain practical tips on hot to write amazing headlines and expand your knowledge about writing content to making good marketing tool
Sonia and Brian are great! I've learned a lot on this course. You will learn techniques, structure and get amazing e-books that you can always go over again. Really happy with this course.
There's a lot that this course includes but is not mentioned in the syllabus (email marketing, SEO etc). You get a really good idea of different types of content and digital marketing.
Although this was for the first time when I enrolled for any online courses but I didn't felt disappointed anytime while pursuing the course. All thanks to the instructor and Cousera.
This course is super fantastic. Upon completion, you will have learned how to put the ideas presented to you into action and build your own personal brand through content marketing.
I enjoyed this course. It was enlightening and engaging and it pushed me to start some things I otherwise wouldn't have. Applying all I learnt from it  has also been very effective.
This course has improved me to be a better version of myself. I've learned a lot that I could be able to apply in my real life. The instructors taught clearly and easy to listen to.
Great course even for beginners like me. Very clear and actionable framework - not just an academic approach but practical guidance you can use and apply immediately. Thank you!
The strategy of marketing course are most amazing and informative to learn about marketing with very easy ..I am recommended to all to learn and share knowledge to others☺️👍👌
Its a great course for those who want to start their own business or  to promote their content(any type of content). You will learn some techniques and strategies about it
It was a really helpful and fun course. I loved every assignment and video. I couldn’t wait to see all of them and learn all these new and exciting things about marketing.
great content served on the course. basics and advanced material are provided, everyone can learn and gain more knowledge which benefit personal and professional aspects.
Very effective course with a lot of information and interesting assignments to do. Although, I didn't like the fact that in mobile app you can't listen to the podcasts.
Im glad I did it...first course i ever finished since i left high school some 16 years ago...im so proud of myself...i plan to take another one. Thank you team Ms Simon
It was a really good course and exactly what I've been searching for.I feel that I gain knowledge that I did not had before and this will help me in my future projects.
Very good introductory course, could do with a few more examples/samples of a what a strategy and editorial schedule looks like.  Overall, very well structured course.
It was an amazing experience learning about content marketing. I am just a fresher and it gave me huge boost to my Marketing skills. Very well taught by Sonia Simone.
I loved the course, I find it very pragmatical and easy to follow. I liked several resources are used to improve learning experiences as videos, podcast, ebooks, etc.
Great course, very useful and relevant content for today's world. The course instructor is passionate and definately knows her onions. I highly recommend this course.
This is a course not just for beginners but for all who want to excel in the content marketing space. I therefore recommend it to everyone who seeks to improve daily.
It was a wonderfull course, I learned new things about Marketing that they will help me to develop my career. The instructor let the course going easy to understand.
It helped me a lot in understanding how to get out there and create fascinating as well as meaningful content. It was very informative and specific at the same time
Though there are many aspects that you know already but this course helped put all of them into context. It helped to create meaning out of the blur. Great course.
Wonderful and well packaged course. I am so glad to participate in this course. Thanks to you Sonia and your team. It's really fascinating. High five for you all.
If you want to know how to create the good content with the right step thinking, this course will give your answer and teach how to step the good process thinking
the overall course is very helpful.  the course helps me to gain new ideas like the 5P approach, 7A framework, and many more. the overall experience is very good.
I enjoyed the course. Very well explained by the mentor. I learned a lot despite being new to the topic.Thanks UCdavis, Coursera ,Class central & Sonia Simone.
It was much more helpful than i expected it to be. Every module added a new skill to my marketing arsenal and the instructor was very clear about her lectures.
This was a very interesting, well done and structured course, I loved it! It sures helps a lot reflecting on your project and on the things you can implement.
It's a rich content course with great insights that will definitely help you become a better writter, know and reach your target, understand metrics and more!
very good, i'm not a native english speaker, and I understand evrything, evrything was easy to understand and the content of the course is good quality. :-)
It was a wonderful experience. Instructors are just amazing and all the techniques they discussed are amazingly wonderful. Thank you so much for this course
Extremely insightful and good quality course. The instructor and material are par excellence. Would highly recommend it for any content writer or marketer!
Fantastic course, after him my search for details that make a difference in a project increased my eternal gratitude to Simone and everyone who did it.
Fantastic course! I would highly recommend for those studying marketing, entering the industry or those wanting to rehash their knowledge and skills.
Excellent course I have learned so many new things about content marketing! I have already been improved on the areas I wanted! Thank you so much! :)
Definitely worth taking. Strongly recommend this course for anyone who needs to get a better understanding of how use content marketing effectively.
Sonia is a very good tutor, clearly explained the theory and i enjoy the course very much. However , it seems to me that few footage  was missing.
Super ingenious course that provides a lot of practical knowledge. I can apply everything I've learned. The course is highly recommendable - TOP
This course was thoroughly inciteful. Filled with beneficial information that I will continue to I utilize as I market my brand to my audience.
Amazing Course. A lot of valuable information is available in this course. I would suggest the freshers in content writing to do this course.
The lectures were simply amazing. I loved the fact that we had assignments and tests to look forward to at the end of every week's lectures.
I totally love it. So much to learn and I would give it more stars if there are any. What a course to learn this modern age of technology.
Really a beautiful course. Does not matter who you are, a beginner, or someone into their business, this would help and guide you ahead.
I got to learn interesting insights on how to maximize my content, and new perspective on how to become a professional content marketer.
Great course with some great projects. Community is really active and provides constructive feedback to develop and improve the results!
They have insightful and useful information. Very practical approach for all levels of content marketers. Definitely a good investment!
I learnt a lot. I had an outstanding experiencing while learning this course. Many Many thanks to Sinia Simone, she is simply awesome.
i appriciate this content , it's really helpful and powerfulThanks alot about this epic course and i hope you teach us more about SEO
Thank you, this one is usefull for me and we can beginning new idea, once again tahnks..I think, need some sample for easythink ....
It was a good journey with this course and i learn many thing  from this course.And instructor was so good.Thank you for the course
This course is very good. I have received a lot of new experiences. I will definitely apply the knowledge gained in my future work.
This is a very good course. It will really help you in your Carrier. Just look into those E- books because they are very essential.
It was very good and helpful lecture like guideline that helps me understand how to start content marketing and develop its skill.
This is the best content marketing course that I've never had, the additional reading materials are very helpful and  impressive.
This is a great course. There are several classes in the form of podcast which I didn't like, but the content is really helpful.
It was effective. I didn't expect so much from an online course. It was my first course on Coursera and i am glad that i did it.
Sonia Simone is a lovely teacher who puts forward her point without beating around the bush. I have learnt a lot, thanks Sonia!
Excellent presentation by Sonia Simon. Enjoyed doing the course. Learned a lot. Thanks, Sonia Simone. You are doing great work.
Content was very well put together and thought out. It was very engaging and truly written for the beginning content marketer.
The course was very useful in provide outlines and frameworks for content marketing. I will definitely recommend this course.
I love this course. I recommend this course for anyone who wants to have more knowledge of the strategy of content marketing.
Very good course, the reading material is really good.What can be better is understanding a bit on analytics / tracking / SEO
This is just the best. I can't fully put in words what I learnt from this course because it is simply amazing. It was great.
For someone who is not familiar with content marketing, this course will provide great information to help you get started.
Even though I have already studied marketing, I still learned so much from this course. Perfect for beginners and advanced!
A deep dive into what and content marketing is complimented by the do and dont's that give you that step up in your career.
Thank you coursera, thank you University of California and of course thank you University of Liberal Arts Bangladesh (ULAB)
Very exceptional course! I learned a lot from this which could help me strengthen my content writing skills for my career.
It is a good course and a great opportunity for me to learn this course. Finally I can now go and apply it to my business
Provides great insight into content marketing that is both comprehensive and detailed. As practical as it is theoretical.
i have many things that  I have lern so far and i want to do it more thanks a lot for giving me a guide with this lesson
Very informative and also interesting to listen to/read. A lot of good content to make myself a better content marketer.
A huuuuge amount of great information.  Very professionally presented.  Easy to put into immediate practice.  Thank you!
Amazing. Better than expected. I rarely finish online courses but stuck with this one all the way through. Loved Sonia.
Outstanding! A lot of helpful information presented in an easy-to-understand way with a lot of useful backup material.
A Wonderfull Course on Content Marketing, which will give you insights on many aspects which were hidden from view !!
Extremely thorough. Easy to understand explanations and videos. Very much appreciated the plethora of free e-books.
It was a really good experience. I feel luck to be a participant in this nurturing course. Thank you for preparing.
Thank You so much for your efforts.I have really enjoyed and learned a lot of new things in this course.Big Thanks.
Amazing course for marketers and bloggers .. very insightful and contains tons of new ideas and solid information
THE COURSE IS EXCEPTIONALLY GOOD AND I AM RECOMMENDING THIS COURSE ON MY LINKEDIN AS BEFORE STARTING A STARTUP
I love everything about it! Just one technical thing - the podcasts are not available in smartphone version...
Really nice balance of video/audio and reading materials. Found all the information useful and well organized.
Very interesting and informative. The podcasts and readings were particularly useful. I learned a great deal!
Sonia and her guests were just amazing!Thanks a lot for all the tips and learnings given through this course.
I learned a lot from this course and I can't wait to apply my new skills to my journey as a content marketer.
Whatever stream of work one is in, you will find this course interesting & helpful. Please enroll to benefit
A must-have course for those who aim to have a good grip on content marketing and developing the strategies.
This course the strategy of content marketing found to be very informative. Thanks a lot to the instructor.
It's simple and useful. The video lessons are so cool, its very good when you hear and see the information.
I really enjoyed the course. It was easy to understand and the material is right to the points. Well done!
Perfectly necessary to start in the content marketing world and start your own content as a professional.
If you're interested in content marketing or building your own website, this course is perfect for you !
I would like to appreciate Brian & Simone for their wonderful course. Only useful things & no bull shit.
What I appreciated the most was the instructor's ability to convey technical information in a clear way.
the greatest thinking strategy of content in making me see marketing as the game changer, to my career.
I really appreciate the community for helping in the journey to become the better version of ourselves.
Thanks for designing a great structure of the knowledge of the effective strategy of content marketing.
This course is a great advance in a content marketing carrear, teach me from scratch, thanks very much.
Interesting and useful course with many tools that can help you in creating content for your business!
Deeply informative and easy to understand. This course did not make me feel inadequate or intimidated.
Loved how organised it was and how there was a o tire of watching lectures but also audio and reading.
Such an effective and great course! This will prepare you in becoming a professional content marketer.
Great course in which clearly defined the steps to develop a good content marketing strategy! Thanks!
Hi there, It was a remarkable a very useful course that will help me out with my career progression.
Great Course. I learned so much about Content Marketing from Keyword searching to creating content.
informative course which made me to take actionable learnings in assignments and quizzes. Thank you
Really nice course, written assignments helped to apply theory directly into practice, recommended!
Very god course. Highly recommended to every marketing professionals and interested individuals.
A very useful course. I hope to implement these concepts on my future jobs as a content marketer
I learnt a lot. This course will enable me become a better content marketer.Thank you for this.
In-depth information  on Content and marketing strategy. Thanks to coursera and Sonia Simone..
Excellent course for those who just starting out in content marketing or in Digital Marketing!
Appreciate! The preparation was well done and I learned some usefull skills from practic tasks
A good comprehensive course which elaborates effectively on the process of content marketing.
The course given is quite helpful and enhance the skills for the better career opportunities.
Nice course. Very useful. Learn how to attract clients using attractive and strategic words.
Don't have a course certificate . Plz send. I will completed strategic of content marketing
This is a good one. Quite a lot of take away.Great for people who are learning while doing.
Wonderful course! Compelling videos and outstanding readings. Thank you UC Davis extension.
Great course to learn about how one can do content marketing and all aspect involved in it.
It's one of the best courses which provided me with great insights about content marketing.
Awesome Course Tons of information's that help you to build your career ,Thank you for that
I would recommend this course to anyone of any level on their content development journey.
Excellent all-around! Even with very little background, I was able to easily follow along.
Really enjoy the whole courseEverything about Content Marketing Explained here very well
It was a great experience to learn about the contents of Marketing and their frameworks
Absolutely brilliant course and instructor. Thank you so much for the amazing support!
This is the best content marketing course I've found so far. Worth the time and money.
I liked this course, it provided me with a lot of usefull reading and audio material.
I've found this course very useful and full of interesting, valuable content! Thanks!
Very good lessons, interesting and very useful, very filling my time in this pandemic
This course is Amazing 😍.I learn so many things like role of 7A in content writing.
A great introduction to writing powerful content especially in the social media era
a complete guide for understanding how to implement your content strategy,loved it!
A very useful course for the beginners, also a good reminder to the industry pros.
I loved it!! It was easy and I also learned so much useful information. Thank you!
I'm glad that the course has given me some insights to be applied to my workfield.
Awesome course to get started with content marketing strategy. Sonia Simone rocks!
Great material, from the very basics to the more intricate of detail. Thanks Sonia
Great course and learnings, peer graded assignments took very long to get graded.
this course I amazing. it has a lot of useful material with relevant information.
This course is interesting and I will recommend this to  every business students.
It was very useful for me and I have learned many new things in content strategy.
I learnt a lot about content marketing. Great Course. Highly recommanded others.
I appreciate the efforts made by Sonia Simone and enjoyed the course thoroughly!
The course helped me a lot in my practical field of study. Thanks a lot Coursera
A very useful lesson for those of you who want to learn about content marketing.
A tough topic taught by people who live and breathe (and who have mastered) it!
perfect course, I've learnt a lot. My vision of business completely has changed
An exceptional course for all the enthusiasts of content writing and marketing.
terima kasih, thanks you. i hope this can bring be to great person in future.
Sonia Simone is an incredible instructor. I learned so much from this class.
persuade your organization to include them in your overall content marketing
Great and helpful in the future,when you need to make you brand successful.
Very insightful and helpful in formulating content strategy for companies.
This was an awesome and really educative courseAm glad I was part of this.
Amazing Course, great professor, thank you Sonia, and excellent materials!
I gained a lot of valuable insights into content marketing.Really helpful!
Comprehensive and the breakdown for lessons were easy to digest and learn.
The course was interesting throughout but I found last week quite boring.
It was a great course and I have learned a lot about a content marketing.
Good Course and very well explained topics related to Content Marketing.
Really enjoyed the course - good information, lectures, and assignments.
This is good learning copywriting and the strategy of content marketing
For an intermediate level. Excellent exercises and great explanation.
This is the most useful class on content marketing I have even taken.
most useful if you have of brand that tries to sell to customers etc
it was a great course . hoping to apply all the things learned soon
Excellent course! Very thorough and easy to follow. I recommend it.
im very very very  happy  , thank you so much Coursera Organization
Amazing experience! I learned so much. Great and simple language.
Great course with loads of information and materials. Very useful
It's a good time to take this course during this lockdown period.
Outstanding course to know the ins and outs of Content Marketing.
Very insightful. I would recommend this course! Thank you Simone!
I learned a lot from this course about good marketing, thank you
Very useful. It has helped me to cut the clutter in my business.
Well-organized introduction course that bursts with information!
Very informative course. Though the assessment is very tasking.
This was really a phenomenal experience for me. Learned so much
One of the best courses that i studied taught me several things
The course was very well put together for an online curriculum.
Thorough, comprehensive, and filled with resources! Thank you!
Excellent presentation by mentor Sonia simone.I learned a lot.
Helpful first step in pursuing a career in content marketing.
Complete introduction to the topic. Engaging and trustworthy.
Informative course delivered by industry leaders. Thank you.
Very good course and i am very happy to met with this course
This course was really insightful, it was totally worth it.
Its a best platform to learn new thing by best professional
interesting course and one of the best i ever seen . thanks
i finish the course but i cant get de certificate.  help me
A lot of useful content, specially in the reading material.
Great course . The content , the explanation helped a lot.
Very useful and I think important for the online marketing
Great lecturer, characterized by smooth and pleasant style
Sonia Simone makes the course so enjoyable. Thank yaaa :)
great platform to study the strategy of content marketing
Nice content but now there are better types of marketing.
Thank you very much for this excellent short curriculum!
Best practical workshop as well! You will learn so much!
Very informative and well put together. Would recommend.
It is very interesting course and it enhance knowledge.
Thank -You coursera for providing such important cousre
thankyou mam for all the knowledge you have given to me
Enjoyed the course, Lots of insights into copywriting.
Amazing course and the instructor is very experienced.
The real value is in the additional reading material.
thank you for everything. it's very important for me.
This is a good place to learn about Content strategy.
Course helped me to improve my content share quality!
Interesting and helpfully. Really learning somethings
An useful course for a marketer! Thank you, teachers!
I really loved it! It is very informative and clear.
Great course! Learned a lot about content marketing.
Definitely recommended learning program for writers!
Very helpful general overview with TONS of resources
excellent I am so happy after completing this course
I loved this powerful course! I highly recommend it!
Beautifull course, wonderful facilitator. Thank you!
GREAT-I FEEL LIKE I HAVE ACCOMPLISHED A GREAT GOAL!
Very happy to say.this is very halp full for future
It is a very well structured and essential course.
Wonderful, Very Insightful, Am grateful i did this
Excelant course improving a contend creating skill
very insightful, useful and interesting. Loved it
this course is so good and sonia simone thank you
Great course.  Well taught and great information.
Worth doing it. High quality information shared.
IT HAS LOT OF EXPENSIVE AND ELABORATIVE CONTENT
Very helpful for any level of content marketers
This course full of knowledges and very helpful
It was wonderful learning . Thank you so much.
Excellent course .I can adapt it into my work.
This course is very insightful I learnt a lot
Finally i graduated!! This is a good subject
Simple and efficient : good course to follow
Great course in building effective bloggers.
BEST COURSE IN CONTENT MARKETING...THANK YOU
One of the best platform to learn something.
This will be very excellent training for me
A must-do course for all content creators.
Very nice course and very nice instruction
Awesome Training! I strongly recommend it!
This is very detailed and powerful class.
idon't have money for payment certificate
Best course-Strategy of Content Marketing
BEST COURSE FOR A CONTENT MARKETER.....!!
very informative and useful for beginner
I feel very glad to complete the course.
I can only recommend. 5/5 type of course
Great Strategy Content Marketing Course.
Well thought class and easy to follow :)
Very useful, interesting and insightful.
Super course! Five stars! Thanks a lot.
Great it help me to know about content.
Excellent material and teaching method.
Very interesting and informative course
Thank alot for the chance for learning
Excellent this course, i am very happy
Very interesting and educative course.
Great Course. Good for writing skills.
This course was amazing. Learned a lot
Love this course, highly recommended!!
very good course for digital marketing
Best content marketing related course
Very specific and interesting course.
Best course so far i got in Coursera!
Good course have learned more things
Excellent course! Thank you so much!
Very good course, complete and depth
Excellent course with great insight.
Very useful and interesting course.
Very good course beautiful teaching
A must for Management professionals
Great Course, interesting content.
wondeful course extremely detailed
Certificate not coming my account
learned a lot from this course :)
Very Good and Effective Learning.
best course for content marketing
Amazing, great material. Dynamic!
Very insightful and educational
Its excellent and mind blowing.
Really informative and relevant
Great class, lots of good Info.
Great Course ,you learn a lot.
Thank you! I learned a lot. ❤️
The course was really awesome.
Awesome course. Learned a lot.
Relevant and full of content!
Great Experience Of Marketing
very useful and easy to learn
This experience was amazing!
good content and assignments
Interesting and Informative
It's too good thanks a lot
I learned so much! Thanks.
it is very helpful course
good course for every one
Great! It's very useful.
Thanks this is very good
thank you so very much !
great informative course
It's great experience !!
useful and help me a lot
I real enjoy the course
Nic course learned alot
Very Insightful course
Best teaching Material
It is truely helpful..
designed in a best way
thanks for this course
course was informative
very helpful. thanks
Great place to learn
It’s a great course.
I learnt a whole lot
literally worth it
interesting course
Awesome experiance
excellent to learn
Incredible course
really usefull !!
Great courses !
Amazing learnig
It's fantastic
It was Amazing
Great learing
worth of time
I was great
Fabulous.
