This course is not for free! You have to purchase the certificate if you want to watch course videos of the entire module 2 of week 2 and be able to continue further until week 5. This is especially disappointing since the videos you
 can watch for free stop right after the teacher encouraged you to make a
 big purchase of wine that will be needed for the module of week 2. It 
should be clear from the beginning that purchasing the certificate is 
compulsory in order to view course content beyond week 1 and half of 
week 2.
A bit boring and I thought coursera courses should be free but this one starts charging. Down vote
It said free but it isn't free. I feel cheated and I wasted my time
Rather disappointing that I have to enroll fully to be able to take the tests and continue after the first weeks training.Would be good if that would have been clear from the start - unlike giving the impression I can just follow the course but not able to get the certificate
Super basic. Didn't get a peer review so the course remained incomplete for me. The system wouldn't let me extend my deadlines either, so I consider this a waste of money and time.
I didn't got the certificate.
I really appreciate online learning like this. However, this isn't a free class at all. If one wants to go past module one, you have to buy the course. On top on this, one needs to spend money on sixteen bottles of wine, estimated at $150-200. I understand that to taste wine means one must buy wine, but the added cost of the course makes this too expensive for me to even look into.
It is difficult getting your hands on the wine and equipment.
The instructor could have showed us how to snif or sip wine for example instead of just talking and explaining verbally and posting illustrative pictures.The videos tend to be boring since we have to listen and imagine what the instructor is talking about instead of watching a real demonstration.
Interesting information, but it was quite stuffy. I also disliked that the primary method of instruction was slides with voiceover.
Major defect, no contact with the teacher. Never participated in discussions, never answered to our questions. Absent. main reason why I would not recommend it to others, even though it was pleasant.
As an auditor this class was a disappointment.  I was sorry that the first quiz couldn't be graded, but very disappointed that the rest of the class could only be viewed if I enrolled.  I enjoyed the instructor, and found him very informative and warm.
I really enjoyed this course, however, I didn't like how you had to fully buy the course in order to get all the content.
John Buechsenstein is superb. Unfortunately the peer assignment rating procedure is a nightmare and should be rethink-ed and restructured. Not all the students are able to do their job well and can be frustrating for a serious learner.
Impressive, one learns a great deal about tasting techniques but also the basics of grape and wine variations.  I just wish I had a better for detecting the aromas!
Great course but how can I get the certificate? Please email at fausto.bouchaira@gmail.com
Yes the course is excellent. Learnt more about sensory analysis of different wines
I enjoyed the course. The instructor was very good. Wine tasting was fun!
fascinating course
Great information ! the more I learned  from this class the more I realized how little I knew.Thank you for offering this class at an affordable price. I hope that you will send more info about your future classes. The instructor is amazing. That you for taking the time to put together this great material. Special thanks to the application developers, amazing work on this app no issues not so ever and very easy to use.
Teacher is so amazing! It's a pleasure to listen and so easy to understand (I'm saying as a not native speaker). Presentations are beautiful, clear, minimalist and accurate. You did such a great job, thank you a lot! I'm still studying, but this course made my life easier by giving all of information that I was searching for.
I personally view this course as  concise and clear. I feel I achieved enough knowledge on the subject and  see myself ready to use in my day to day life. It was never boring! Thank you for this  great learning experience !
This is a great source of information about wine and of course wine tasting. The work to do home is very learning focus and this type of practice helps you grab the information and retain it.
A very well developed course that makes so easy to learn about wine tasting without physical presence. Above all you learn techniques so you can continue experimentiting by yourself.
Excellent course.  I tell everyone I know about it.  It was was very informative, but also interactive, fun, with real-world applicability.  Do yourself a favor and sign up!
Excellent course! Easily approachable through the style of John Buechsenstein. A must for any wine drinker end enjoyer!
I find this course most helpful. Great communication, great professor. Thanks so much for this opportuny.
I would like to say THANK YOU to UC Davis and in particular to professor Buechsenstein. The course was fascinating. I have already earned this year my WSET 1 certification and I was looking to further expand my knowledge about analyizing wines and their aromas/flavors like professional reviewers do. This course was a great way to start; I learned so much in terms of information and how to have a professional framework to analyze wines from a sensory perspective. The combination of theory and practice was perfect and it really helped me to understand (and make mistakes) about the concepts that were discussed. Now, there is now so much more that I want to learn. Overall, excellent course, Cheers, Jose Cubillos.
Very well conceived, organized and executed. The video instructions were excellent - clear and easy to follow. Having assignments to purchase, taste and describes wines as well as their pairing  with food enhanced greatly the learning experience. I recommend this course highly to those looking for a solid framework for understanding the wonders of the world of wine.
A really great overview and introduction to wine analysis. I thought the tutor was great and easy to learn from. Class Video's are all engaging and I feel I've managed to learn a lot through self taught study. I would recommend this course to anyone wanting a manageable work load and to learn about wine!
Amazing course! Complete, very open for students to understand and go after things! I always wanted to learn more about wines and even though I actually worked in a wineyard for a couple months, all I wanted was here! I never Imagined I would've learned all this during a quarantine.
This was a great class.  I learned technical terms, how to create aroma standards and how to pair wine with foods.  I will definitely use what I have learned in this class.  I really enjoyed this class it was a lot fun.
Its a wonderful, easy and simply awesome learning course for wine tasting. I would suggest all my friends and colleagues to take this course and enjoy the  bliss of tasting wine and quench their thirst of happiness.
I really enjoyed this course.  Great starter skills for wine tasting, very educational.  Course taught me wonderful tasting skills and how to be more confident talking about wine!  Totally would recommend.
Awesome course.  After this course I feel confident speaking to my guests about wine choices and can guide them towards a great food pairing.  Thanks John, you are a great professor!
This was a fantastic course to learn more about the Wine Sensory techniques and how to differentiate between wines, find faults and learn about pairing wine with food.
It's surprising how much you cen learn about sensory analysis online. Of course stationary course would be better in that area, but still this one is worth exploring.
This was one of the best wine educational course. The tutor Mr John Buechsenstein is mammalian speaker with huge knowledge!!! I am so Lucky to be his student <3
This course was awesome, you learn a deep understanding on the sensorial appreciation of the wine, the way wine taste won't the same  after this course.
very interesting ha lot of useful information and tips about wine tasting!I've enjoyed it and appreciated the simple but professional way to show them
Great course for the ones who want to understand their wines better, and for wine professionals who would like to do a bit of knowledge fresh-up.
Amazing course. I am in the coffee business and this formal training in sensory analysis is going to be incredibly useful for me.
I learned so much and would recommend to anyone interested in Wine. But more importantly anyone who works in the beverage field!
I am a gastronomy student. it benefited me a lot in terms of content and information. It was nice to attend this course.
The course was really good and informative. it really helped me to understand many things. Thank you so much
Really great course for learning more about wine analysis, wine tasting and types of wines and its regions.
Very clear, very informative and very funny! All what I have learned will be useful each time I drink wine!
very nice and useful course..good instructor to instruct us what to do..thank you sir..for your guidance
The course was full fledged but it lacked topics like how to store opened wines and in what conditions
I really enjoyed the course. it was a stress buster for me and gave me a knowledge of different wines.
It was simply awesome the Professor was also too good at teaching the course. Thank you so much.!
An excellent introductory course into the world of wine, beginning with wine tasting techniques
I loved it from the beginning to the end! I complete course to start your Sommelier career!
I've been drinking and studying wines for 30 years and I still got a lot out this class.
It is a good and interesting course! Thank you for possibilityto become familiar!
Asolutely great! Thanks lecturer and Coursera team for creating a great course.
Good course - reviewed it only but may come back for the purchased version.
Excellent.. Very interesting...Thank you for my  revelation the WineWorld
Great course if you're a wine lover and want to improve your knowledge!
Excellent, I will definitively suggest it to colleagues and friends.
I enjoyed this course a lot, and I strongly recommend it.
Excellent course....highly informative!! Thank you....
Great class. Activities really enhanced the learning.
Great course. Very informative and well presented.
Its a very intresting course, and I learnt a lot
This course is very useful for my career path!
Great introduction to the world of wine.
in-depth knowledge about wine tasting.
It was a great experience thank you!
Very interesting experience. Thanks!
Good choice and experience! Thanks!
Good course, accurate information
I have already learned so much.
Full information about wine
Your teaching was awesome
Thanks a lot great course
LOVED IT!!
