PAGAS EL CURSO PARA OBTENER TU CERTIFICADO Y AL FINAL TE VUELVEN A COBRAR SI QUIERES EL CERTIFICADO, ES UN FRAUDE.
I think the course needs to update both the videos and reading materials. Since, the videos and the reading materials are somewhat lacks depths. The course should be more informative and resourceful.
Many broken links, where videos and articles assigned could not be accessed.
An interesting course. Some really good intervenants (the indian lady in the interviews for example) giving some precise and factual opinions and ideas. However, It is a lot of newspaper articles, there are no actual lessons given by a teacher. Also, some of the content linked are outdated, so the page does exist anymore... It was an interesting course because it opened by up as an introduction to the issues the UN faces today, but I remain slightly disappointed by the content globally.
This course is excellent in order to obtain a global understanding of the UN system. However, I would appreciate more insights and guidance from the editors (or University) as majority of the content is a compilation of articles and other documents from external sources to be read by the applicant and to be summarize. It would be even more interesting to have a more structured and much more comments and information on the content that we read. Nevertheless, for sure, the reading and writing exercises are already a good manner to grasp some historical background and contemporary problematics.
It has very good information and video resources. There is a lack of attention in the links shared to read or to watch videos, because a lot of material was not found or the video doesn't exist anymore. Also it should change the duration or length of the course and the approximation of workload per week, because it advices that readings will take 50 minutes for example and in reality this is the time for just one reading and the list has 10 or more readings, Thank you very much
The course covered many interesting issues, and I have a greater understanding of the UN system having completed it. The speakers in the videos were excellent and informative. However, several of the links did not work, and the course relied on reading external material, not all of which seemed wholly relevant to the assignment. It would be more engaging to perhaps have more material taught through videos or course-specific material, rather than other sources.
This course provides some sources on the topics it offers on the United Nations. Not so much academic learning or innovative ways to teach the subjects. moreover, many links are inaccessible and need to be updated. One more thing, there is no plan offered here to engage the students more into the topics and few conversations take place among the students and the instructors.
Its nice and gives a good overview. however, you don't have a teacher giving a lecture: there are short videos (5-10 minutes) of the university in the beginning of each week and a list of links. the material in general is nice but is a little old and a lot of the links don't work anymore.
We can learn some knowledge about what's confronting the UN at present from the diverse points of view. It might be a little hard to summarize and analyze all information uploaded in an appropriate form when you hand in your submission.
Interesting course. However, the assignments were tedious and redundant. Might I suggest having one assignment at the end of the course. Also don't make a seventh module when it is optional! This court was a lot of work and exhausting.
I enjoyed this course however it is out of date; some links to videos/articles no longer exist and news articles are from 2015. Would be great if it was updated to reflect the world today.
though an interesting course, I believe the course content could be improved to answer in a more relevant way the issues raised. Still worth taking it but do not expect too much.
I haven't received my certificate with my name on it . My overall grade in 100 % and in the mobile app it is showing "you haven't completed your assignments" what is this ?
Some of the reading material provided is outdated and not available to access on the websites, especially in Week 6
More content could be given as part of videos. More detailed explanation of the working of UN could have been made
Would appreciate it if there are more videos not just readings
This was my first online course so I really didn't know what to expect. My favorite part about this was the amount of relevant readings and discussion that is given each week. However, some of the part were out of date.
Very good course on the history, achievements and challenges of the United Nations. It brings you to the earlier story of the United Nations during WW2 and make you realize the importante of this unique organization as well as its mission, as written in the Charter. It also presents the opinion of scholars and staff on the UN and how it could be reformed to better fulfill its obligations. The only critique that I have is that the recommended reading in some weeks look like as if it was posted in a rush, with some works being duplicated. I also had problems with reviewing my classmate's submissions in week 5. Besides that, I could not recommend the course highly enough.
Very interesting and insightful, thank you!
What this course was able to do well was provide a framework for the UN's functions and capabilities through examples and informative readings. You will learn more about international relations theory than you would expect, but it is all contextually appropriate. The only thing that bothered me about this course was that some readers were no longer available in the readings reference page, that is why not five stars. Greatly informative and invaluable info for a transitioning intergovernmental body that is one of the few recognized intuition that can offer peacebuilding at every stage of tension or conflict. I would recommend this course to anyone interested in knowing the formal capacity of good in the world.
The videos could have been more interactive with more content to it. Rather it was more of an interview-styled videos which were also very brief. If I could take an example of The Magna Carta - the previous course that I took from University of London. Those videos were shot outside, with more historical background to it, more interactive and more fun to watch as you learn. As a matter of fact, even the first global diplomacy course content was similar to this one.Interactive videos help alot in learning. I would highly recommend SOAS considers the way UOL's other department offered The Magna Carta course.
This course provides all necessary material and methods for gaining moderate level knowledge on the UN. The thing i especially like is diverse references and literature offered and peer-review process of the tasks. The thing i recommend for improvement is more different methods of learning to be involved, like quizes with peers, some interactive games etc. Also, i recommend to develop advanced online course on UN and partnering agencies for us who successfully finished this basic one. Thank you so much for this opportunity!
Very informative and good reflections. Two things to improve: Some of the videos and articles were no longer available on the link provided, perhapos needs to be updated.  On the last Week there was a video of a pannel about the future of the UN whrre there were all 4 pannelists men, and all the people who put a question from the public were men as well. No a single women took the floor in 1 hour long video. These kind of old fasion presentations should be replaced by more diverse pannesls
The course was well designed and incorporates a well structured journey of the UN evolution to what it is in its present day scenario. Enables the users to think critically and draft their opinions objectively through assignments. Gives a wide knowledge about the UN's role in upholding human rights, managing crises, role of Security Council, relevance of the UN and a way forward. Highly recommended.
Great course, my only qualms are that it is a few years outdated on some geopolitical issues, several readings are unavailable or behind a subscription, and the emergency section for week 6 I didn't feel had the right assigned readings. I nonetheless gained a lot from the course and learned about differing perspectives on how the UN works and should be fixed.
Good course for those who are interested about the working of the UN and its future. Its duties in the maintaining peace in the world along with help people against human rights violations, hunger, poverty, illiteracy and global warming.A Course for those who want to gain some knowledge for future education in Diplomacy or International Relations.
I can assure that after accomplishing this course I have more knowledge regarding the way United Nations work. The reason why it was created and I got to know the UN principles. In addition  I got more knowledgeable about the current situation of the world in general and get to watch some videos of experts envolved with this matter subjects.
The course was an awesome way to better understand the origins, components, achievements, and critiques of the U.N. This was especially helpful as a former and possibly again future employee of the U.N. My only issue was that a lot of the links for the readings were dead, I hope they update those links for future students!
This is a great introduction to the UN. Some of the links for readings are outdated. The course is nice, you end it with a general overview of the UN and will have the opportunity to create your own opinion about the organization. This is a short course so do not expect to go beyond the very basics of the UN system.
This course is perfect for those who want to know what is happening nowadays at the UN and also understand how it works. Moreover, it gives you a clear view of the constant role that is having in our lives. Besides that, the opinions given by representatives who worked there and professors were an excellent input.
It is an excellent course if you want to become a policy analyst like myself for your career. This course helps to you to have a better understanding regarding the principle of the United Nations such as their policy in humanitarian, international laws, NGO, UN agencies, and UN security council.
SUCH AN AMAZING AND USEFUL COURSE. I HAVE LEARNED LOTS OF INFORMATION WHICH I DISCOVERED IT FOR THE FIRST TIME. THANK YOU SO MUCH ABOUT THIS CHANCE OF LEARNING DURING COURSERA PROGRAM  WHICH OF COURSE WILL HELP ME TO GO AHEAD ON MY CAREER PATH.BEST REGARDSMARWAH ADILIRAQ COUNTRY
Very interesting maerials and perspectiveto analyze history, present and future being of the UN. I would have let more time for subject matter experts to expose their viewson each topic, but overall, good and intesting content.
i loved the course. the suggested readings were very interesting and helpful. although i wish there were more of those 'talking sessions' as i really liked hearing the opinions of those very intelligent and scholarly people.
I've learned a lot! But have some suggestions: FIrst, it would be great if the videos would last a little bit longer. Second, someone needs to fix all the broken links on each week's session. Thanks for the information!
The course was helpful. It expanded my understanding of United Nations in the context of global diplomacy while also highlighting the challenges it faces and and in them, the opportunities for reforms.
I very much enjoyed the course and learned a lot from it. I thought the mixture of different media (videos, readings, etc) was good and the level of work required was well-judged. Thanks.
Some of links for education material I couldn't open but no matter,the rest of material was suficient,clear and straight to the point. It made me realize complexity and UN importance.
Very Well structured modules. The articles compiled for reference in each chapter gives in-depth knowledge. Unless you connect the dots one cannot progress in this course.
I have enjoyed and learnt a lot with this course. This course give me the opportunity to reflect on the positive and negative contributions of the UN in the humanity.
The course is informative and contains so much to learn of-course. However, I find lack of recent events/developments which have taken place overtime.
Very interesting subject, competent teachers and interesting points of view presented.The reading material and videos were also quite extensive.
It is great course but if there would have been more videos that it would have been better. But any ways there are many articles for reading.
UN Clairvoyance need to understand the Human Valor ,But world at peril due to lack transparency among club Member .Please as Erudite person.
It enlightens and very easy to operate ,i was actually scared to do a course online but this is a perfect way to learn • Thanks to coursera
so I like the course and I have fond out a lot about the UN. In my opinion, it was not enough video- materials from teachers (lectors).
Really interesting content and lots of resources to go through at your own pace. The discussion aspect could have been promoted more.
It was really helpful and useful to learn the UN function and current situation of these fields by accessing a variety of resources.
Loved the videos and the peer marking! However it was unfortunate that some of the links for the readings were no longer available.
It was quite an exciting learning period for me. Super thanks to University of London (SOAS) and Coursera for this opportunity.
This course has not only given me a great insight into global diplomacy but also has served as my first step towards my goal.
A great insight into the role of the UN, its past, and where its headed. A range of tasks would make this course 5*!
The course is really helpful for international relations  students also for others. We can know about UN briefly.
The course give us comprehensive insight how United Nation struggle and take role in Global Diplomacy.
This course has been very good to me. It made me to learn more about the UN and it general activities.
Each week had a clear motive that was successfully addressed in the subsequent material offered.
great course. but have little video lectures and more of reading material.
A number of the links and resources are out of date or broken.
Very good reading materials. The videos lectures were boring.
Great reading material provided. Overall, a good experience.
It's a good course to get overview on the world order.
A nice attempt to teaching the ins and outs of UN.
very complete course! i love it
Its a very informative course.
A informative course
It was very interesting to get to know better about the UN structure and concepts, and it helped me a lot to get my first opportunity in an UN mission! Starting a new career. Thank you so much.
This course was great, The videos were very focused and the course material was simple and easy to follow which left more time for reading and understanding the material rather than acting like an examination. I liked the question and the peer review segment its interesting to see what other peoples opinions are and to read some peoples passionate posts. I like that each subject had a video introduction where the professors had a open discussion on the subject. I felt very involved and it was nice that there was a casual flow to the conversation to even have a feel of how the professors are and experience the "classroom" even if through a screen.
Very engaging informative, interesting, I am now very much more knowledgeable re the UN and I'm motivated to get more involved in UN Sustainable goals for my native country and my local community. excellent material and use of different media.
It is terrifically impressive course as I am Volunteering  in UN since 2014 , I have been looking such kind of Course .Thanks again professors and SUAS team for giving this opportunity
Thank you Dr. Dan with your entire team for making the world come to me and me go to them through this platform. it is an amazing course and I look forward to doing even more courses.
From history to present day scenario, from success to failures, from general to most sensitive issue, the course perfectly touched almost all the aspects of the UN in brief. Enormous amount of information provided by the course is really enriching. I enjoyed the course and look forward to engage fantastic courses like this in future from University of London and SOAS University of London.
excellent course and the weekly assessments certainly supplemented the learning. I would definitely recommend this course to those that have an interest in the UN from its inception to current and future challenges.
Very interesting course on the UN, learning basic skills and background for the organisation. Including how the UN interacts with members, whilst also critically evaluating it's effectiveness in the modern world.
You can get educated about the United Nations in the world today with greait scholars and professors from the University of London. Great and free source of materials for the course  and for further studies.
Thank you for offering this course, it has giving me the structural, academic knowledge and motivation beyond my expectations. It was an honor and a privilege.Respectfully,Guillermo Pimentel
A very fantastic course with all curricular thesis of learning...! Easy going but voluminous, interesting but stressful.Indeed, i enjoyed the course as it widen my knowlege in Global Diplomacy and governance in today's UN efforts in handling Global Peace and Security, Environmental Problems and Climate Change, Globalization and Economic Integration, Technology, Nuclear Disarmament, Peace Operation Channels and Strategies among others...
An excellent course which highlights the major points and aspects of the UN as it stands today. The course in more focused on ensuring that the students express themselves in the form of peer reviews to truly understand the subject rather than just merely finishing the course. IT was an interesting format and being reviewed by peers helped in engaging with people from different parts of the world.
Reading material is really suitable with the task of assignments. The amount of words for assignments is being increased during sessions from 100 to 350 words, but, however, reading and watching material is enough and good to accomplish assignments. I recommend this course for everyone, as there is no need of any previous knowledge and the course is great on its own!
I really liked the lecture and reading articles. The resources that were given to me were very full of information so I could learn a lot from this lecture. I could learn more about international relationship, how UN works, what next for UN. From this experience I felt that I want to become an international expert who works in organization like UN.
I found the course very important for those who are interested to know about United Nations system. The resources are so useful which can be saved and used again for similar purpose. The instructor has skillfully chosen and arranged the course. Thank you. Khem Raj Sedhai, Maxwell School of Citizenship and Public Affairs, Syracuse University
The course has helped me immensely in understanding the basic workings of the UNO and its organs. The assignments provided were challenging enough to make us think and give our opinion about that specific issue. I recommend this course to everyone who is interested in learning more about the United Nations, its organs, and their working.
Thanks to Coursera  i was able to combine work and studies at my convenient . Coursera has  also given me the opportunity to Learn  how Global diplomacy  work in the modern world as well as given more weight to my CV without quitting my job to face studies. Thanks to the wonderful advantage i intend to take more Coursera courses online.
Very well thought out topics that have helped me to not only gain lots of  knowledge on the nature and development of the UN, Diplomatic practices and procedures, etc, but the course has also developed my critical thinking especially around the topics raised in the peer-graded assignments.
Course materials, video, even the subtitles of video are very well designed to build a base of knowledge for those who are new to subject and makes it easy to learn. I learned many things, course materials and course program made it easy to learn. Highly recommend this course!
The teacher doesn't exactly.. teach per say. But the materials and sources provided through the teacher are wonderful and extremely useful. Assignments are graded via peer review, this helps you learn how others think while also learning to improve.  Love this course so far!
I am grateful for so much knowledge gained from this amazing course. This has ignite my interest to be part of the UN system to add up to the efforts being amassed to make our world a better place. I highly recommend this amazing course to any potential learner out there.
The most fascinating thing about this course, in my opinion, was how it focused on the singular aspect of the United Nations, and gave us perhaps the most detailed account on this organization
The course was well delivered as the videos were informative, the reading materials were diverse - giving different perspectives and dimensions. The peer review segment was also a great "skill building session" as you learn how to objectively crique a colleagues work. While some students may not give you as much feedback in their review of your work, reading others' submissions was a useful activity as you get to see how others infuse a new way of thinking in their own assignments.
It was an incredible adventure i never entered before. The peer review helps in the acquisition of global diplomacy skills. It was my first course on Coursera, and indeed i enjoyed its structure and the assessment way. Specially when you learn also or when its reiterate to one that you don't always need to agree first to an idea before you give it a good assessment... Thank you to University of London for all the materials and the sharing of very valuable information...
I really enjoyed this course. I have learned so much about the way in which countries work together as part of the United Nations. Completing the course has inspired me to continue with my learning and develop the skills and knowledge to further pursue my goal of gaining experience to enhance my career prospects and the establishment of the provision of opportunities in proceeding with additional courses and educational resources.
The course "Global Diplomacy:the United Nations in the World" deserves the best mark! It is backgrounded by huge new and important information. I like the distribution of time in learning process. I have copied some materials. It is vey efficient that tasks for peer reviewing came every week. The tasks were well formulated to prepare them. The content of the course is multidisciplinary and pandisciplinary.
This is an extraordinary course, it guides us step by step through the history of the United Nations, its members, its functions, its security programs, Human Rights, humanitarian aid, and, above all, achieving peace and world disarmament. I would not hesitate a second to recommend it to anyone interested in acquiring or expanding their knowledge in the field of United Nations policies.
This course was very informative and well structured. It provided a great insight into the UN's complex system and provided a wealth of knowledge about the UN and its missions. I recommend this course for everyone that wishes to know more about the UN and specifically who wishes to work within this sector.
This course of the United Nations in the modern world, was very beneficial for me. And not just for me I believe that it was a strong success push in everyone's career who did this course as it was for mine. I wish there would be more courses in this field that i could pursue.ThanksMohammad Osman Yousofi
Surelly! let me take this opportinuty to thank all the Coursera Community cause the course i just completed and the certificate i know its going to be of help in one way or the other, Thank you once. Please one thing that i do request is that i want to do another course in "Cyber Security". Thank you.
I personally learnt a lot from this course. it is a dignity to study a certification from university of London and its an honor to receive a certification from coursera, i am willing to complete more of courses offered by the aforesaid entities.thank you so much for this opportunity. Dr. Junius Silva
With the help of the reading material, getting to listen to different views on a particular topic, the weekly submission deadlines and having the chance to receive reviews as well as give them on submissions, my knowledge surrounding the United Nations and its functioning has improved substantially.
Solid foundational course on global diplomacy and the UN's place within this sphere. I learned a lot about the UN's creation and history. Further, I got to see the UN through a more critical lens with regards to its limitations and the challenges it faces. Highly recommend as a good primer.
This course offers an in-depth understanding of how the UN operates, also it is structured in a very simple and easy to follow manner ie especially the invitation of different presenters who has an in-depth understanding of the UN systems made is easy to understand the weekly topics
I think it is a great course to get introduced to the United Nations and its implementation of global diplomacy. It might not give you a full picture of the UN. But, it will intellectually stimulate you with different perspectives from different people on the UN and its programs.
I am happy that I learn so much about the UN, not just general information, but also learning to do a critical thinking on the role of Security Council, How the UN handling human rights issues and humanitarian crises. I am happy that my peers are also helpful and supportive.
I observed the international governance challenges of the United National, and now have a better understanding the execution responsibilities of the various Agencies of the UN.  I have already applied for my first application with UNDP. I have a new found respect for the UN.
Enriching experience. This is best ever format based on my learning experience across Mooc channels.Unique elements are top minds point of views on various aspects of UN entity and unearthed limitations and challenges of future.Thank you SOAS faculty members...
I thoroughly enjoyed studying the Global Diplomacy: The United Nations In The World course, and appreciated it's online studying program structure, including it's useful content, style of teaching, interaction with other students and knowledgeable lecturers.
Liked it, liked people, impressive that instructors from developing countries seemed to have more to offer, particularly specifics like subsection 4 of HRC. I would do it again anytime. You might dress up the certificate a bit but otherwise, very good.
i would highly reccomend this course to anyone who's interested in the UN functions and its effectiveness over the years. I was able to grasp the good and the bad as well as its link to international affairs and their response to global challenges.
This course was an eye oepener, I really enjoyed doing this course with excellent academic information that has complemented my professional formation as a law student. Thank you very much for the opportunity because the course was really amazing.
I learned how to approach a subject with a critical view point by doing the project. The videos, the write ups provided and the interviews helped me learn the UN in detail. It created a big question in my mind whether the UN would survive or not.
It's my pleasure to write your office hours today I hope you have a great day, I want to know my recommendation of the course, this will encourage me to take another advantage of further my career goals education. Respectfully Yours
This course will make you enter from the very beginning into the problems of image and discussion about the future of the UN, with  chances to discussion  through the peer graded tasks and great access to videos, articles etc.
I think it was a great introduction to the unlearned about the UN.  I finished early and the peer reviews slowed down my completion. I had to wait to grade another assignment, even though I had submitted all assignments.
This course has given me good knowledge on the United Nations and how it tackles the development issues connected to globilaztion, Inequality, humanitarian operations, SDG goals, world peace and stability...
it was my first time taking an online course and I don't regret it. I really had fun taking this course :) the course content materials used were very efficient to use and I learned a lot. Thank you so much!
Great course for diplomacy, the established method of influencing the decisions and behavior of foreign governments and peoples through dialogue, negotiation, and other measures short of war or violence.
Really enjoyed the course. Some of the recommended reading was no longer accessible and the material was not up to date to 2020.  However, it gave a good introduction to the UN and the issues involved.
Great course.I have learnt so much and i feel my research writing skills have greatly improved because of this course.I am already putting my skills to use as i wait for the next move in my career
Very useful course with valuable inputs. Thank you very much for your efforts and making it available for free. Highly recommend to those who study global diplomacy, UN system and human rights.
It was an amazing course, thanks to everyone who gave us information and skills about global diplomacy: the United Nations in the world, and thanks to all participants for their interaction.
A very thorough course, I enjoyed too much in doing it, I really love all the contents that this MOOC offered to me and my peers, I am so pleased with all of this, keep doing that well!
A great informative course about the United Nations, its composition and different activities the organization is engaged with. Really good interview videos and great reading materials.
The course gives you a broad understanding of the international relations and functioning of the UN system. Its syllabus is well crafted to stimulate learning and research. Thanks.
Fantastic course that gave me the basics that I needed to go on for further study in this field. Thoroughly enjoyed the content and the different forms of media used for learning!
Well structured and very interesting content. Helped foundationalise the UN structurally as an organisation, as well as critiques of its modern influence. Thorougly enjoyed it!
It's a great course to learn how the UN works and what are the challenges and critics. You learn to analyse and write a brief definition of what you are listening and reading.
Great course with important material about UN given straight to the point, readings may be outdated and too much for each week but that's compensated by useful video lectures.
I really enjoyed this course and was delighted to learn more about the important work of the United Nations. There were many great resources for future reference. Thank you.
A well structured course that enabled me to gain more insight of the United Nations through the relevant training content (videos and reading material) and peer reviews.
Excellent course, you earned new skills in global diplomacy and how the UN works in the real international world. It is amazing this kind of ways of learning new things
I loved doing this course it really gives a great run-through of the UN and its functions. A must-do for someone who is planning to enter into international relations.
In this course, I learned a lot about the United Nations, what it represents, and the role it plays in the world, as well as a lot of information that interests me.
Excellent content, I learnt a lot more than I had anticipated, I actually learnt more content than when I was doing my semester on the UN during my masters degree.
Great course, with plenty of material to understand the subject and to get an overview of the role of the UN and the issues faced. I would recommend it strongly.
Very interesting, it provided helpful material and different criteria from many experts in the subject, I enjoyed the course and would definitely recommend it.
During the studies of this course I learned a lot, thank you for providing such a course and making know better how The UN work. Gained a lot of knowledge.
a great course! with the best of reading materials provided. The peer graded assignments keeps your thoughts on a roll. I absolutely loved it! :))
This was great course with a thorough overview of the UN.  It gave me a clear understanding of the organisation and its place globally. Thank you.
It is a fascinating course for me. It help me to greater understand how the UN Work, which is useful for my career advancement in global affairs.
This course is amazing. I didnt know a lot about universal diplomacy or The UN but.it taught me a lot, thank you very much dear London University
Excellent course with well explained videos and articles to Understand the UNs history, it's functions and the issues to which the UN responds.
I really enjoy the course, i like the methods of the University of London, and you can have and interesting introduction of the United Nations.
I recommend this course for all those applicants who are currently working or want to study international relations and their internal bodies.
A very good and properly paced course, providing the knowledge on how the UN works, alone with a focus on the challenges it's facing now.
Good course to understand the way the United Nations works and how the organization helps towards solving the different issues it faces.
Very well done the lectures, and the way the course was structured and I am satisfied. I want to now start my masters at UN University.
Good course and it gives a different perspective of UN from different angles , that helps to ponder the need of UN in the global stage
Such a nice course for those who wants to know about the one  and only multilateral organization and its functions around the world.
It is such a good course in which learners can actually gain more understanding on the United Nations. I love Coursera course.
A comprehensive course that allowed me to update and enhance my knowledge of the structure and working of the United Nations.
Very interesting course. The material is very rich of information and knowledge. I really enjoyed learning more about the UN.
Very informative course that encourages the analytical skills of learners while providing them with handful of resources.
Great course so informative and educative would recommend this to anyone who is thirsty to know about the United Nations.
This course is very informative. It opens you up to the nuances of UN's structure and functions I really enjoyed it.
Great use of e-tivities. I was engaged and really looked forward to my next assignment and reviewing my peers work.
A great course to gain knowledge from. I enjoyed the learning process which was full of knowledge and fun studying.
Beautiful, Educative, Informative, Insightful, and Impactful. I have learned a lot and I am happy about it. Thanks
Excellent program. Gauges one the opportunity to understand more about the UN and its operations around the world.
I have come to know a lot of amazing things from this course. I really enjoyed this online program. Thanks a lot.
Very interesting and provided lots of resources (videos and readings) which gave me so much insight into the UN
it was so fun for me learning new things in an excellent way I would recommend it for anyone who want to learn
An outstanding course. It was very well taught throughout. It is just so relevant to what is happening today.
Very engaging and real life videos and reading materials tha critically build knowledge and enhance thoughts
Enlightening course, well taught, essential materials made available. Brilliantly conducted from a distance.
This is course is ideal for students delving into the complex system and bureaucracy of the United Nations.
ONE OF THE BEST COURSES FOR PEOPLE INTERESTED IN INTERNATIONAL RELATIONS AND DIPLOMACY AT A GLOBAL LEVEL.
This was the best course I have ever done. I am happy to the teachers for arranging such a nice course.
This course was very helpfull and valiable for me to deeply understand the basic idea of the UN.Thanks!
Great detailed information with reflective tasks. A good insight into the role of the UN in the world.
Good course. A great opportunity to learn about UN. Got many reading materials..so thankful for that.
It really widen my knowledge about UN. Thanks for the oppurtunity to coursera and to the university.!
Interesting course giving beginners an understanding of the only global agency - the United Nations.
Great course which was very insightful and provided me the opportunity to learn a lot about the UN
A  clear well structured and guided course,which gives a good understanding of UN and  diplomacy.
Excellent Course. Provides a very solid understanding of United Nations and its role in the world
This was truly the best course i have done.Having gained knowledge that would last a lifetime!
Very helpful and good course on the history, achievements and challenges of the United Nations
I have enjoyed very much taking the course. You learn in a dynamic way and it is very useful.
Introduced to lot of global problems, UN, multilateralism and a lot of actors and actions.
this is one of the best courses I have ever done in my life. simple easy to do. full info.
A great course teaching us about so many useful things and engaging in interesting topics.
Awesome, Awesome Experience taking this course. So grateful to Dr. Plesch for his clarity
I am glad that I joined this course I really learned a lot and the course was amazing
It was great! The work load was good and the topics discussed were super interesting.
Great resource persons and great feedback from peers. Growth was hugely realized.
This is an excellent course and well balanced in explaining the history of the UN
this course have really helpful and profitable in care life of global diplomacy.
The course was great as it has provided and consolidated my knowledge on the UN
Thank from unhcr and thank you from coursera to offered this opportunity for us
Its very useful and engaging. So many good resources and just worth the time!
Excellent for anyone wanting to know how the UN came to be and how they work
Exceptional. We need more courses like this. Thank you University of London.
Extraordinary interesting, rich study materials and productive interactions.
An excellent course about UN and great information which is importat to know
Love the course! nice to read different materials from several perspectives!
A great insight of genesis, working and the problems being faced by the UN.
one of the best course , by its heavy  information and the way of learning
Great course, well explained, with an interesting reflection at the end
It is a very interesting course, I really like how it is designed ga D
Great teacher and lecturer with in-depth knowledge about UN diplomacy
It was good experience to learn and explore the role of UN in World
It is very helpful for all of us to know about the Global Diplomacy
An excellent course which offers widening one's outlook on the UN.
Excellent course, learnt a lot from this course reading.Thank you
Very interesting education and very clear meaningful information.
This course helped me a lot to achieve my personal aspirations.
Great course, informative well-structure would highly recommend
it was really a great & beneficial course, highly recommanded
amazing course, very clear and simple explanation. thank you
Informative, interesting and presented at a wonderful pace.
Course is great but too much plagiarism by other students.
Informative and engaging! Please fix some of the links.
Very interesting! It complemented my major course in IR
this lesson is very effective for develop my skill.
Very informative and brilliant in words and details
Outstanding Course! Love the Peer Review Feedback!
Thank You SOAS London. Loved learning with you. :)
it s very good course for me. thanks coursera.
this was perfect information and useful thanks
Excellent course. It provided great insights.
Excellent course! I really can recommend it!
Very articulate. On point. Overall good job
Thank you coursera and university of London
it was a very great and informative course
It is a great course! Thank you very much!
Thanks evryone for this critial course !
You should improve some topics about it
Great introductory course into the UN!
Indeed A great learning opportunity!
great course I absolutely loved it
it is very educative and impactful
Very well built course. Thank You!
GREAT COURSE AND VERY INFORMATIVE
great course, very informative
really good UN intro session
Very good xourse Thank you
Recommended for everyone.
I learn a lot, thank you.
Great, detailed course.
A good introduction!
good insight course
Great course ever
Enjoyed a lot.
