While I enjoyed the guest speakers, I found that the content of the course was very repetitive. Many of the content could have been summarised to further expand the topics covered in the course. There is a missed opportunity because a lot of the course participants were highly engaged and gave quality assignments (not all courses have the same caliber of participants). The entire course feels like an introduction to an actual course that never came through. There were also videos that were repeated, transcripts that were doubled, and non-functioning links which reflects the overall lack of effort in generating this course. The Instructor Dr J. Simons  was mostly invisible and barely gave informative insights. He acted more like a panel discussion host. This is genuinely a missed-opportunity as surely Dr. Simons would have had bountiful information to share on the topic. After just completing a very good course from another university in coursera, I was very disappointed at the level that this course was made. It felt like it was simply offered as a marketing platform to offer the schools Masteral Program, like a click-bait of sort, which I really don't appreciate. Had they given polished and informative content, I would have genuinely considered it as the topic is really interesting.
The whole course can be combined in 30 min lecture/video. All assignments are first-grade level, no recommended readings, no lectures. Most importantly, all assignments are peer-graded and there are not enough people to grade! I can't get my certificate because I need to grade at least 3 assignments each week and they are not available( because noone signed up for the course? noone submitted?), and my assignments are not graded for the same reason. It seems I have to go back to this course every couple of days to check if I can complete the requirements to get my certificate! It's so inconvenient! This course is quite a waste of money, all the information provided is a basic common sense.
Exceptionally shallow content. The course material consists of different academics giving their opinion on very general questions eg. "What is diplomacy?", "What makes a good diplomat?" Each week's content will take 5 minutes plus a reading, and you will have little to show for your time.The assignments do not constitute enough of a challenge to facilitate learning or depth of thought. The bar for passing an assignment is "has the candidate made a genuine attempt at answering the question".I have come to expect a much higher standard from Coursera.
Too many speakers. Not very well-coordinated or organized. Very wordy and diffuse. Where is the gist of what they are saying in so many words?
very general ideas about diplomacy but nothing concrete
pure waffle
This course did not reach my expectations. I did a different course before and it was good. This course was not, to my opinion. The Information given is shallow, the tasks are solely peer review and it is at no point even slightly difficult. It is too easy and the given information is nothing special or new. Finishing this course gives no satisfaction but more of a disappointed feeling. I am sorry to say, but I do not reccomend this course. Coursera was very helpfull and service orientated with my complaint. There are better courses at Coursera, keep on looking for those.
I have completed two other Coursera courses for certificates, where I learned much more. The quantity and quality of the content - both video's and reading materials - is significantly lower than that of the other courses, where I really had to take notes and read much more. The assignments are way to general and do not require much preparation, which hardly makes them serious learning exercises. Frankly, I could have done some interviews and research online and make a a course like this myself...
Very little content on offer other than some short clips and mildly interesting readings. The vast majority of the course is dedicated to short writing tasks that are supposed to get you engaged (i.e. discussing) diplomacy, but the practical effect is at best busy work with little new knowledge or insights gained. Extremely disappointed.
It does encourage critical thinking a little bit with the weekly "analysis", but it is not a course that teaches much. I think they could have done so much better with such an interesting concept like diplomacy. The videos are too short and only touch on certain topics on a surface level. Not challenging at all.
I expected much more of the course. The readings are interesting, but the rest is just general information or easy topics I already knew. It might be useful for somebody totally new with the topic, but if you read the news and some literature on international politics, it is not worth.
The course is only a discussion of diplomacy, it does not provide much structure by way of foundational elements. Also, the fact that to complete the course you're required to submit work and grade three or more people is ridiculous. Glad I did not purchase a course certificate.
Links to some material not maintained.Video content offers superfluous flowery content. Yes, it's an introductory course, but this has less depth than some YouTube content.
Diplomacy is talking french, talking nothing and talking falsehood... I think crearors of this course mastered at least two major diplomacy skills.
No content, just some random interviews and peer graded assignments of 100 words.
so easy and the peer assisment is a bad idea people are beging for review.
- The course provides barely any content. Every session consists of one or two short videos (approx. 5 minutes) and one extensive reading that I did not always find very relevant.  - The course is only about the most basic definitions of what diplomacy and a diplomat is. The course does not share any new insights that would be unknown to an average person or provide any interesting information about recent important diplomatic events - I can definitely not recommend taking the course and especially paying a considerable amount of money for it.- It is the second course I have taken with Coursera and it lets me seriously doubt the content that is provided by Coursera
I do not want to sound mean, the interviews were interesting but the course did not feel engaging for me, I felt like doing it because it was short and I already had started, but it does not get deeper in any subject, the reading are too long or the link doesn't work...
Very poor course, nothing to learn from here. It virtually doesn't contain any videos and only contain some suggested readings which are too academic and difficult to understand without previous background.
It was really wonderful .I had a wonderful experience and learned more about the global diplomacy and it's functions and many more
Very fantastic course related to my field of International Relations
This course is fun, but the instructor or course admins need to put more videos, contents and information to the course than just a few videos, few topics per week like this. The Global Diplomacy course should provide clearer and deeper about diplomacy than to pose what is diplomacy or what the diplomats do in their very actions of daily routines.
I insist there be added a few quizes on the reading material. It has been given no weightage at all.This course seems like a compilation of perspectives on diplomacy-success,failures and the worth of trust, by various professors and a few luminaries.More qualitative content can be added I feel, because the people who speak do not seem to be prepared and speak ad lib. This is however good since what then would come out would be from the deepest recesses of their valuable experiences and stuff. But this is a course on diplomacy. People must walk out of having become better at diplomatic skills.A little focus has to be given to developing that.A portion of international history would also be helpful since all speakers talk about so many important agreements yet there is no content available from the course on all that. Yeah we can google it out but I think there can be a more narrativity in the interview like environment that the course teacher creates for the interviewees.Thank you for the compilation!
The lectures were not very interesting or instructive. The reading materials were much more so. However, the assignments in the class were based much more on the lectures and on self-reflection than on the materials. I learned a little bit, and as such found the course worth the time I put into it, but I almost think one could get through this course with little difficulty without reading any of the written materials, and thus derive very little benefit from it. I would encourage the makers of this course to do a significant revamping. (In addition to greater incorporation and emphasis on the written materials, I think more real-life examples of diplomatic successes and failures would be a far more effective and entertaining use of the lecture time than the esoteric philosophising  that seems to characterize it in this edition.)
The course is average till the fifth module, the fifth module was too long with almost 15 short videos asking the same question " what is diplomacy according to them" and next question is what is successful and unsuccessful diplomacy. I can say is a very basic course and to be very straight i do not recommend this course.They should remove the fifth module and add some interesting videos about diplomacy.
Although the interviews were interesting, I had expected much more from this course. It was not academically rigorous at all and I can't say I learned very much at all at the end of the course.
Not as advanced as other Coursera courses, this course if for participants who do not have any background in international relations and diplomacy. Wish they would have made it more advanced.
This course was long, tedious and boring. Although some aspects were interesting, a lot of it was redundant. Way too many written assignments.
Depending on what you're looking for, you might find this course very insightful or a complete waste of time.For someone new to the concept of diplomacy, using this to get a base level understanding and come to your own opinions of what composes diplomacy, it's a good course. The material is pretty straightforward, gives a multi-faceted purview, and basically facilitates the learner to draw their own meanings.However, if you want anything beyond this, you might be disappointed. The instructor (Dr Simon Rofe) contributes virtually nothing beyond asking 3 questions to a number of different people. There are no insights from his side, and no attempt to synthesise the varying opinions. The peer-review assignments are a mixed bag, as I did read many insightful answers, but received very minimal feedback on my own answers. I also found the Discussion Forums completely useless - not a single student seemed to be here to talk about the subject or learn more. Everyone just wants reviews on their assignments to pass on to the next week. If the course could be tweaked to encourage more healthy discussion, or students could even take initiative to respond on these forums, this might have led to a more purposeful learning experience.To conclude, for someone who had never learned about diplomacy before, I got an introduction that was useful and enabled me to draw my own understanding on the topic. If I was paying for a certificate, however, I would have been disappointed. (Also, each week's content is very brief and this takes no time at all to complete - again good for if you want to rush through it, not great if you were looking for more detailed insight.)
We have a lot of respect for SOAS (actually, we studied there long ago). We have a lot of respect for the diplomacy profession. We think we could learn a lot from this course. Our expectations were high. In this review, we benchmark the course to what how good it may have been.By professional habit or not, the course does not always steer away from a self-serving representation of diplomacy as the work of heroes who can save the world from conflicts and others. The course keeps to general presentations of out-of-action diplomats. We regret not to have seen more and deeper analysis on case studies of diplomatic negotiations: the national and personal dilemma, the planning and execution of negotiations, the gate-keeping of politicians and journalists, interactions with intelligence, etc. This may be a matter for another course?
I felt the course was a comprehensive 'introduction' to diplomacy. The texts were relevant and some of the video interviews were interesting if at times a little repetitive. I felt that the course instructor had more of a 'facilitator' role than a teaching role and this was a disappointment. My other critique has to do with the gender and diversity balance of those interviewed as part of the course - while it maybe be reflective of departments of international relations or foreign service demographics, I found it very pale and male. I would recommend this course to those with little to no background in international affairs or diplomatic studies.
I believe it is too easy to pass. There were some "peers" who I reviewed who have no right to pass this course as their answers show that they have no idea what they are talking about. I wish the course was crafted better in the sense that I really have to earn the certificate. I am an actual diplomat so to me this was a bit disappointing.If interested, I can help craft a better course than this. I'm happy to get a Certificate but I don't think I really learned or earned anything.
The course is a good introduction and has spike in me further interest in the topics explored here. I will be taking its sister course on diplomacy and the UN. I would give it 4 stars but there was no attempt at gender balancing the speakers. I got tired of the opinions of white, British/Anglo-American males. Only 2 female speakers out of 12! Unacceptable. The readings were rather good, especially that by Harry Rudin.
Interesting reading materials and relevant interventions of professionals. I also appreciated the fact that we had to grade and be graded by other students in a "diplomatic" way. Nonetheless, the programme was a little too general to be really demanding and challenging I think, and I would have appreciated more actual reading materials and/or references from the presetn time in the videos.
The course is ok. The tasks are very easy and basic, the videos are informative enough. The first few readings seem pretty unrelated, but they get better and towards the end become more interesting and informative. You can complete the whole thing in a couple of days no problem.
Interesting online course as introduction with brief concepts and definitions on diplomacy, its role, influence and interaction in the modern world. Recommend others to attend this online course to gain required intro knowledge on diplomacy.
Good course that provides the basics of what diplomacy is. I suppose I was expecting something more advanced which obviously would be an advanced degree course. Nervetheless, a good start to understanding diplomacy.
I would
love to see this interesting lightweight introduction grow into a solid university
level course with more reading, weekly added content, tests, academic discussions and a proactive moderator at the forum.
Very limited points and questions are being explored. However it makes use of very knowledgable people, and allows for different points of perspectives in order to formulate your own idea of what diplomacy is.
It is a basic course for those who want a general idea on diplomacy, the information wasn't up to date, and there wasn't a lot of feedback in the debate area. It had low participation, at least in my cycle.
Quite an interesting course. Some of the readings I couldn't access, and videos lacked depth in terms of subject, Overall was enjoyable and recommend for those interesting in international affairs.
Fruitful materials for reference, yet the structure of whole course relies on bite-size interviews of scholars, which might seem lack of systematic teaching throughout the whole subject.
It is alright but several people take advantage of the lax review criteria to submit one letter reviews. Better grading system would be good. Material is all fine.
great introduction to the world of diplomacy, the videos are a bit repetitive unfortunately. But still worth my time as I started knowing nothing formal at all.
Yeah, this course is REALLY different from other MOOCs. I wonder if I can learn anything from a course that contains such little content.
More timely and relevant text material would have greatly helped in broadening our understanding. Basic and easy for beginners to grasp.
In comparison with other courses that I have passed, this course was inferior from the material and discussion perspective.
Short and crispy.It tells us about the functions, qualities and scope of Diplomacy in Modern World
Interesting yet far simpler than expected. I would recommend having more course materials.
It is very important of all level of people.and concern about world politics.
It was a great experience! Definitely gained more knowledge about diplomacy.
Nice introduction but very general, could have done with more depth.
It was a good introduction but felt kind of shallow.
How can I get certificate? is not if free?
Pretty good, but very easy.
Good to start with.
Very good for know what is diplomacy. If you are thinking in study this at university, this course help you to decide.
This course is great. It is only an introduction to diplomacy and only teaches the basics, so if you already know about what is diplomacy, when it is effective, why it is successful, then I would advise not to take this course. The content is interesting : the course is made by short videos, which are interviews, and lectures, which are sometimes quite long but definitely worth the reading. This course presents you loads of different opinions and you don't have an imposed one, so you have to create your own understanding and opinion. To summarize, this course is a great introduction to diplomacy and is easy to understand, thanks to the diversity of stories, thoughts and examples.
The course does a good job at presenting contemporary views on diplomacy in an accessible way. There's nothing too academic going on, and the relation between the new conception of diplomacy presented here and the recent changes in international law (particularly when it comes to human rights) is only hinted at; but overall it serves as a nice introductory course to the subject and offers some interesting insights.The course material is also quite interesting. My only issue with it is that the "classes", which are actually interviews with specialists, are cut so that only the section related to the theme being discussed in a given week will be displayed. At week 5, however, the whole interviews are made available, and you have to watch the same clips from previous weeks along with the new bits. I found that watching the interviews without cuts was much more interesting than watching the clips, and I wish I had known about them sooner.
I really enjoyed the course and thought it provided a good introduction to diplomacy in the modern world.  Personally, I would have liked if the course was slightly more onerous but I appreciate there is only so much that you can do with this MOOC format.I liked that for each topic there were contributions from a variety of speakers — obviously, each speaker's background influenced their views on the topics explored and I thought the course was richer for that.  I felt that the video content was actually a little light and would have enjoyed longer-form videos in which the speakers were more directly addressing the question. Sometimes it seemed as though the videos had been retrofitted to the stated question (i.e. occasionally speakers did not appear to be addressing the topic at all).It would also be good to provide suggestions for additional supplementary reading.
Global Diplomacy offers a comprehensive introduction to the subject.  It is clear and course requirements are not arduous - yet stimulating and thought-provoking.  I would have appreciated knowing the different lengths of submissions in advance,  this would have assisted my balancing commitments better to submit the assignments.  Also, leaving almost 2 hours of valuable videos to the last session could be adjusted.  The last series of videos could easily fit into one of the first two weeks.  The content of these videos would have assisted my understanding of the topic and not detracted from the specific subject matter from week 2-5.  Also, with a longer paper due in the last week, one would have  been able to absorb the video material earlier and have more time to critically engage with the final assignment.
This course was very good for me and i enjoyed so much it will help me
improve and discuss with different people about Diplomacy, which is the main
reason for what state and non-states actors act together to do business around
the world. Was extremely useful for me now i understand little beat about the
agreement that states makes it is not only for goodwill of other country but
the diplomats has to work very hardy to convince other parties to come and do
business with us. Not only i cold learn other process and saw when we have a
weak diplomacy what is the results. This course was very good but i think it
would involve more areas and extend the period of his duration.
The course may be interesting in case you want to learn about different points of view on diplomacy, and it makes you analyze the opinions of others as well as to form your own. It makes you think more and gives you new ideas and helps to choose the concept of diplomacy which fits best with your worldview. However, I personally would like to ger more theoretical information and facts. Maybe I just need to find another course for it. Anyway, I would like to thank all the experts and the team that made the course. They all did a great job!
This is an educative programme. I have gained some knowledge in the subject area. It as increased my interest  Global Diplomacy. Also opportunity to read more about the theory and practice of Global Diplomacy. It will go a long way to enhance my skills as a diplomate  to influence leadership positively at all levels of life to build positive net work, develop appropriate diplomatic skills to enhance international relations, negotiations, and ensure peace and security in contemporary global world.
I found the interviews and videos very interesting and very well prepared. They present different approaches and perspectives on Diplomacy, with historical, social, cultural references and its role in modern society. I believe that the course only needs to strengthen its evaluation system through some kind of Multiple choise or similar system to give more legitimacy and support to the training received and the evaluation it deserves.Translated with www.DeepL.com/Translator (free version)
I appreciate the courses which are compact and resourceful, as it engages many insights and perspectives from foreign policy experts instead of one. It also makes sure that the students do pay attention to the materials given by engaging one another in the assignments. However, it would be great if the course could give a more comprehensive introduction to what to expect from the course and give a bigger picture of what the context of the lessons would be in the coming weeks.
Helpful and effective videos and lessons (reading) , simple assignments which yet test your comprehension and allow you to express yourself based on learning and what that means to you, clearly defines important useful concepts of the subject.The reading material could also be summarized for the benefit of learners who have pressure of time to read fully.  Some of the articles are rather long and also written in not the simplest of the ways requiring more time to read.
It was very enlightening; it made me realize the complexities and evolution of diplomacy while understanding what it takes to become a good diplomat in general. Specifically, I got new insights on how I can impact positively within the realm of nature conservation from a global perspective and how to tackle the threats we are facing in the near future. I would have liked though a bit more interaction with the experts and opinions from them on my/our submissions.
The course was great, it offers a lot of differing perspectives from experts on the field. Another good point is the understandability of course material offered, as well as many non-technical knowledge it taught me, for example,  is how to review other people's paragraphs. I also love the fact that this course offers many useful resources and insights that we can use outside the course. Overall, I'm very thankful for the opportunity to learn. Great work team!
I enjoyed the course, however, it said I was done before I ever finished the last E-Activity, I think. Also, much of the last week's lectures were all repetition of previous videos previously presented. I think of the courses I have thus far enrolled in, the glitch factor is higher than I would have suspected it would be. That being said, I still will plan to enroll in Global Diplomacy - The United Nations course and am looking forward to a good experience.
Really helpful and self-driven course. Good introduction to modern diplomacy, if you have had some background in IR to help you along. Otherwise it isn't that difficult to follow. Wish it had some quizzes that weren't just peer-reviewed very short essays, which, while some may be insightful, are not always so. The fact that it is completely free, however, makes up for it. It is impossible not to learn anything after having committed to this course.
In general,
course is well composed from the most essential topics to make a strong view
among participants. Meanwhile actuality of the course material leave much to be
desired, since it is grounded on the events of 00's. However, the World has
changed since that time. So I would recommend to the course master to develop
the material with up to date information.
Overall a good course and well structured, but could seek to be more explicit about the questions it raises and more practical in terms of what it teaches. For example, we now know what diplomacy is (sort of!) and what skills diplomats need (sort of!) but we don't have much in the way of concrete examples of those skills. Just a thought. But still enjoyable!
It has been rich to know the perception of diplomacy in other countries and exchange general concepts. My only suggestion shall be to add other specific concepts related to this field, for example, the most important Conventions that regulate this profession. But overall, I'm satisfied and I congratulate Coursera for having these kind of courses.
I love the way the course is designed so that the people learning can interpret the material and form their own opinion on it. The course covers the various facets of diplomacy from critical thinking to conventional forms of diplomacy. It provided a great insight into the world of diplomacy and how international relations are shaped by it.
Interesting and enjoyable course. Easy to follow, with clear instructions, good material, excellent videos, interesting and interactive forums. Excellent support through the chat when asking questions. There may be merit to propose a more advanced module for those interested to learn more. Thank you for the opportunity.
One of the links in week 5 doesn't work! I would have preferred the long form interviews either be at the beginning of the course or scattered throughout instead of saved for the very end. They were the best part of the course! I also enjoyed some of the reading and learned quite a bit through this course. Thank you!
The content of this course was very interesting. I liked the mix of historical perspective and updated examples. This course is completely based on discussion forums so the learning style is very specific. I would have liked to see more diverse perspectives as almost all of the contributors are men.
Short, but very content packed course. I felt that the course material was direct and straight to the point. The discussion questions were thought provoking and the reading was informative. The information learned would be helpful to a wide range of public officials. I would recommend this course.
Fairly good course to dig into the basics of diplomacy. I would have liked a little more advanced and challenging content in the course through video lectures and case studies. Readings were really good but if they were incorporated as videos, it would have been a better learning experience.
Great material, really interesting video dialogue between the course administrator and the various guest lecturers and academics. The assignments are a useful means of testing some of this introductory material. They could have perhaps culminated in more of a challenging task at the end.
The course is very interesting, it contains very important and new information that is outside the conventional  definition people give to diplomacy; as it not only talks about the ethics and the work of a diplomat but also foresees the role of diplomacy in future times
The course was very interesting. I liked that I could share my views on diplomacy in the form of short essays and fellow peers could grade my work. In my opinion, the course could also include short quiz tests so that course participants practice the material more.
The course in itself is very well designed and impressive in terms of the study material provided. However, some of the reading materials provided are unavailable and It would be great if the instructors could make it available or provide an alternate source.
A good one to have some knowledge of diplomacy. But the insights provided are superficial I think. The lectures could be deeper into the subject. The course contains mostly self-learning reading materials whereas it could be designed with more lectures.
I enjoyed this course. However, I feel that a person who is completely new to diplomacy and geopolitics may find the explanations to be of a higher order of thinking. Using examples outside of the true diplomatic world could help improve this better.
Great content but the peer reviewed marking system was too simplistic. There were assignments that I evaluated that were given 100% based on the rubric as they simply made the effort and discussed the topic, even if it was a half-hearted effort.
This course provides good introductory theoretic understanding of Diplomacy in the modern world. Even if the week 4 assignment materials are vague and unclear, the rest of the course is great for getting an initial touch about the subject.
I am finding that the material is very relevant to our present era. I see now many news items which relate to the learning available in this course. I like writing about the topics, the activity firms up my understanding of those topics.
It was definitely a useful course to start learning about Global Diplomacy, but it could be a lot more comprehensive and longer. Still, with the recommended readings, it is possible to broaden your perspective about modern diplomacy.
The course provides  an insight into the world of diplomacy with recent examples of failures and successes. I would highly recommend this course to policy makers and also to those seeking to widen their horizons in diplomacy.
For anyone who believes diplomacy to be still the occupation of upper middle class, middle-aged white males this course is an eye-opener. It has been enhanced for me by the great feedback from my fellow students.
It was a good course,especially for the beginners who want to know about the meaning and different characteristics of global diplomacy.  Learning as per your convenience, is the best part of the course.
I was very taken and my only regret was that it was over so soon. I would have liked more testing and additional material. I sure hope to find more courses on the matter - Thank you well done
I would like to have seen more videos showing individual (outstanding) diplomats and listened to them discuss why their recent negotiation was difficult and how they worked through it.
The course was well structured but a little basic at times. For the most part, it seemed almost entirely common sense. But the readings and the classmate reviews were very interesting.
Peer-reviewed assignments occasionally make it difficult to finish the course on time, as you have to wait for peers to rate your work. Being able to shift course streams helps this!
All the content was really informative, and I found the videos engaging and interesting. My only issue is that some of the assigned readings were unavailable or difficult to access.
Even though all the informations were very basic but this course is really helpful to build your perspective about how important and vast is the use of diplomacy in today's world.
I enjoyed this course very much but would have liked more challenging assignments. The peer review system is not very robust as some people just say 'good response'. The
Good and interesting content. However, I would like to have more practice or examples because the course is enormous theoretical and depends on your personal knowledge.
I really liked the course and gained quite some knowledge. It would have been better if international relations would have been added but still a good learning curve.
Interesting but not very challenging, sometimes a lot of repetition in the opinions. I would have liked to see more examples of diplomacy in our world of today.
Really enjoyed the course. Professors appear to be very competent and the lecture content is thoroughly interesting. Wish there was a bit more content overall.
Interesting course and not too taxing to get through materials. Found the assignments useful to provide an opportunity to consider different perspectives.
Amazing course with topics discussed elaborately. Assignments helped me revisit what I learnt and discuss it with my peers and know their perspectives.
I would have liked to see some more videos on diplomatic case studies and methods to practically develop the qualities of a good diplomat. Thanks.
Great course! Well organized.  Some technical errors in reviewing in articles. All in all it is a course everyone should have a try.
I expected more in terms of case studies and hands on experience which as missing. However for starters this was a good couse.
I learned very things with this course and I had the opportunity to share my ideas and what I have studied with other people.
Really interesting and helpful introduction to what diplomacy entails and how it permeates many aspects of our society
I suggest this course for the students those who are interested in learning diplomacy and international relations.
I have really enjoyed this course. It is very insightful and a great introduction in to the world of diplomacy.
It was a good experience to gain some knowledge about Diplomacy and its different sides, Greatly appreciated.
I liked the course, but it is a little tenuous. I would like to have a little bit more theoretical material.
iT WAS REALLY GOOD I LEARNED A LOT BUT I FEEL IT COULDVE BEEN ORGANIZED BETTER AS FAR AS THE ASSIGNMENTS GO
The course material was very less, but the readings were amazing and vast. Overall it is a decent course.
The course provided a thorough grounding in Global Diplomacy and how it relates to the everyday world.
A solid introductory course, with some interesting course materials and thought-provoking questions.
The course is basic but with deep talks on Diplomacy. I have gained understanding of the term.
Nice little concise course, wish there were more challenging tasks e.g. debates & analyses.
Different aspect of a global topic is brought clear, but connection lagged somewhere.
A very enjoyable course. Interesting videos and readings, and reasonable assignments.
Give general overview of diplomacy, good for entry level student to grasp the idea.
Interesting course. I really appreciate learning more from other participants, too
I really enjoyed this course. It refreshed the theme and gave me more insight.
Very interesting MOOC. This allowed me to deepen my knowledge on diplomacy.
Could have used more intense discourse and student peer reviewed items.
This is a really good course, it shows what is diplomacy in the world
Great course, very well articulated and it answered all my questions.
The course has given me a better understanding of the Diplomacy.
Good analysis and presentation of key elements in diplomacy
This course is fascinating and the lecturers are so great.
Very nice, effective and many things to learn from here.
I enjoyed the course, most especially the articles.
Good information, but felt a bit confused at times.
could contain a bit more information and resources
Good course, wish it was longer and more detailed.
there should be more assignments and more videos.
A Good course to know the details about Diplomacy
Very professional course for young diplomats.
Good educational materials and interviews
Very informative and well put together.
An innovative way of engaging students
Good course, but very introductory.
A very open ended course.
Great course! Thank you.
I've very much enjoyed completing this course. It has been very interesting and compliments some of the areas that I teach. I've been able to fit the study and assessment work into my busy schedule easily, which has been very helpful. I've appreciated the peer assessment process, although it would be great to have some kind of feedback as well from one of the coordinating lecturers. It's wonderful to also receive a certificate that demonstrates achievement and completion of the course. I'd definitely recommend it to anyone who is interested in international relations and the diplomatic process
I am aware that critics of this course point out its relatively superficial content as its major flaw, but I couldn't disagree with them more! One should keep in mind that this is intended as an *introductory* course into the vast, complex and multi-disciplinary field that is diplomacy, and although objectively easy to complete, this course features the exact level of difficulty someone new to this field would benefit from. In fact, it is one of the major factors that personally kept me motivated throughout, and I am actively deliberating on whether to buy the certificate to flaunt my accomplishment.All in all, this course offers an engaging and relatively reader-friendly bibliography, a varied but concise list of reading materials that are almost obligatory for the succesful completion of the assignments, summative videos that set the scene for every module and are sources of useful information for the tasks, and quite a good simulation of academic discourse and interaction through their peer assessment tool.Areas for improvement include more targeted reading material (for instance, in Week 5, it is mainly the 5 'Projective Visions' within the 18-page long essay that are of substance, so a simple note to that would go a long way) and a better graded assessment scale. To be more precise, as it stands, one can only award a student 0 or 1, the latter standing for a ''genuine attempt'' to fulfill the task and the former signifying the opposite. This becomes especially problematic when one has to grade responses that mgiht be ''genuine'' in that there appears to be no plagiarism, but the student obviously didn't read the module materials and just breezed through the videos, offering hurried input that does not merit a full grade. In some cases I had to go with zero, but felt that a 0.5 would be more fair to said students, or a 2/3 and so on.I wish the course creators all the best and I hope to meet them in person, if my studies ever bring me to SOAS.
Coming from a biological science background, I wanted to take this course for a view in a new direction. And this course has not disappointed me in that case. I've come to appreciate the art and importance of diplomacy in everyday general interactions after completing this course. Thank you to the course instructors.
Great course. I had a general interest in diplomacy and wanted a little taste of what it was, this course has provided me just that. It has amazing resources to help enhance our knowledge of diplomacy
Absolutely incredible course in diplomacy that gives you a perfect glimpse of understanding how diplomacy works in practice and what achievements you need to posses in order to become a good diplomat.
A step by Step Journey is
created through detailed video presentation from the introduction to full
understanding of modern diplomacy. The course is interactive and I could easily
interact with the material with coffee. From the first week to the last week it
is easy to create a connection between the course content. The presentation of
the course materials is in a systematic way not only designed to build on the
previous week but also directly related.
Excellent course for those aspiring to be career diplomats. Engages us with a history of diplomacy ever since it was widely practised and accepted as a form of conflict management and resolution.
Excellent and perfectly structured Course !!Provides plenty of both audiovisual and written substantial information along with dogmatic and professional sources of knowledge and wisdom on the field of Diplomacy and its evolution through History. Instructed by experienced and qualified professionals, this Course is the best source for those willing to learn the most important and basic concepts required to be instructed on the discipline of Global Diplomacy.
Wonderful opportunity to educate with real classes, and open the eyes for a better future, thanks.
Very informative and approachable. What a great move?
I've really enjoyed the course. I'm from Brazil and it's the second time I'm attending the same course. In the first time I've missed the opportunity to finish it but I'd love to share with you that it was very useful. It's interesting sharing with you my personal experience. When I first attended the course I couldn't figure out how useful it could be, so I've just optimized my vacation time studying a little bit.Few months later I've decided to create a huge innovation center here in Brazil and I've suddenly started using the knowledge I'd acquired in this course. So, I've decided to do it again.You gave me the opportunity to learn something that would be impossible without the online option. I couldn't have stopped my life to attend a course in London at this time. That's why I'm so grateful related to your attitude to share your knowledge with me. Now I'm doing the same here in Brazil, with an innovation center that will help people challenge the status quo sharing knowledge and offering a great space to research, study and work. Sharing is caring and it's contagious. Thank you so much! Anderson Criativo [<o>]
One of the best programme online I ever attended. I have learned new things. The platform Coursera is I think the best among others, because at every time I received messages about the progress of my course and always the administration in touch with me. The University of London -as I know for a long time one of the fountain heads of learning in the world-the professors are outstanding scholars and have enough empathy for the learning outcome of the students. All are wonderful. I would like to thank to all professors and the Course   Coordinator Professor Dr J. Simon Rofe, SOAS, University of London for excellent coordination, leadership, management of such important programme at the height of its success. My sincere regards to you for what I have learnt this will add unique value to my career as a student of Political Science, International Relations and European Studies. I am grateful to you !
Best short course ever taken! Initially I was annoyed because I had to evaluate my mates and let three randomly chosen evaluate my homework. Also provided materials weren't smart-friendly - you need to print them out for reading. Couple of weeks later I realised there is no other way - reading-friendly documents are easy to manipulate and content could be modified by anyone and distributed with amendments. And no one would notice! Besides, if your classmates evaluate you as a diplomat, you don't need lecturer's confirmation. Thank you, Dr J. Simon Rofe, for teaching me this lesson. Keep-up the good work and take care! :D
Taking this course was a very important choise.  Diplomacy in a modern world is highly needed for all  professionals because of the new challenges  we are all facing in a new global business scenario.  The Agenda 2030 and the SDG 17 highlights the need to strategically integrate and revitalize the "global partenership" for sustainable development.  Thus, successful
diplomacy is basically  reaching some kind of agreement or deal within the governments´ international affairs framework and it is fundamental to understand your diplomatic role to push up the needed dialogue and actions to achieve that agreement.
The course opened an opportunity for me to better understand diplomacy. The program has a number of strength that helped me developed a deeper understanding of what diplomacy is and how plays a critical role in the world today such as: (1) Simple yet understandable Audio Visual Presentations, (2) Relevant readings which gave a clear picture of the topics, and (3) Peer review is a very helpful tool, you get to learn new ideas from the perspective of others and you are being exposed to other valid interpretations. Then you realize that the world of diplomacy is a complex thing.
well,This diplomacy course is incredible, each of its exhibitors have well-founded knowledge, with this course I have learned to better manage my clients from my business, better manage situations of controversies between friends, it will also serve as a basis to be a diplomat for benefits of My country, combining it with 7 Masters in Business, will be a tremendous tool that will open barriers to the benefits of many sectors in need. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to participate and benefit from this course
It has been a short journey with great achievements. I have learnt a lot in the Global Diplomacy that I completely didn't know before. Thank you for the course and thank you for the lectures, guidance and I thank all my peer reviewers for reviewing my work and giving me their grades. It was worth taking it and I would strongly recommend others to take it. You will never regret on your time and money by taking this kind of course. Thank you University of London and Thank you Coursera for making this happen. My Kudos
It was an incredibly perfect insight into the modern diplomacy in the world, which is happening in day-to-day life but I have never really to noticed. The materials provided in the course also helped me understand the basic nature of diplomacy & a job of a diplomat, and give me the clues to study the famous cases of diplomacy in the world of politics. This insight & knowledge will help me realize what I need to learn & practice to get a career in Internation Affairs. Thank you for this opportunity.
A relevant course for the current economic situation which really needs a global handshake among the leaders around the world to boost the post pandemic  Covid-19 situations. The stigma of modernisation though is needed but the old school protocols still works better in foreign policy in order to understand a country's rituals and culture when a diplomat represent his or her country. Every political negotiations has its own pros and cons which works best for their own country an the end of the day.
Excellent, well organized and very professional course on Modern Diplomacy. Happy to join, learned so many interesting things and structured my knowldge in he best way!-- 
Maxim BeharChairman of the Board of Trustees

Sir James Mancham International
Center for Peace Studies & Diplomacy
http://www.manchampeacecentre.com/

Honorary Consul General
of the Republic of Seychelles
in Bulgaria

60, Bulgaria Blvrd.
1618 Sofia, Bulgaria

mobile: +359 888 503113
email: max@m3bg.com
www.seychelles.bg
I really enjoyed learning about Diplomacy in the world, its application, and real life examples. The course was very helpful in terms of delivering the subject, and the speaker videos really simplified the concept and made it more clear to understand. Although online learning might be a little bit of a dry material but the weekly peer reviews created a kind of interaction and ideas' sharing that I believe made this course-beside its topic- a more enjoyable experience.
The course was great, and I definitely learned different and interesting subjects regarding Diplomacy. It presents the topics in a clear way, and it is quite didactic (with articles, videos, and reports). I did the course in 5 weeks, and more or less spent 3/4 hours per week on it. I would recommend the Global Diplomacy course, especially for those you want to learn the basics of Diplomacy or want to know if you should or should not pursue this field.
I have taken many on-line courses, but is is one of the only ones where I looked worked to the next lesson. Course material was very well presented and allowed me to find additional material to enhance the learning process. Assignments were challenging, but well worth the effort required. The review of peers also contributed to a very good learning climate. Of course, now I have no other choice but to take similar courses for my own development.
The course is sophisticated but you have made it very simple, clear and easy with practical interviews of heavyweight diplomat or profs.  I have gained a lot and I can see from the peer assessments that my peers also grasped a good of knowledge of diplomacy. Well done and I thank you for the lecturer, Dr Rofe, and Coursera giving us this opportunity. I advise to all my peers to upgrade and get the certificate in order to see their achievements.
Really enjoyed learning about Diplomacy, which of course contains a lot more than my 5 week study.It is a field that interests me and l never had the chance to study or exercise it in depth. Any diplomatic knowledge is helpful in our every day life and in understanding how things around us work, especially in the political level of our country and the world in general, at least at some point.Thank you for the opportunity!
The course is very helpful in understanding the basic concepts and forms of diplomacy, and how it works in the real world. It gives the learners the opportunity to integrate their learning with what they know and have experienced in the past. The structure of the course also provides opportunity to learn from others and at the same time provide feedback on how others fared. I will recommend this course to others!
Global Diplomacy – Diplomacy in the Modern World is a true challenge nowadays. Coursera is providing this value added education in association of the university of London . It's our gratitude that we have an opportunity to learn from world prominent university's instructors. The potentials I instructors are highly competent and strong knowledgeable in the assigned area. I am enjoying the course.
It was a great opportunity to participate in this online course. I realize that we have to use these tools much more today to share experiences and our particularities and visions about our community and country from a local, national and international perspective. I was able to consolidate a much more holistic perception of diplomacy by considering an inclusive critical perspective.
This was a wonderful course highlighting the basic core principles of diplomacy. Although I had zero knowledge on the subject prior to the course, it was easy to understand and the classes were very minimal-stress and engaging. I really liked how the videos were in the form of interviews, not just lectures. It made them more enjoyable and engaging. Thank you so much for this course!
I was really interesting ! It was my first approach to diplomacy and it was just so interesting to see how it does not only concern the political domain, but also organisations communication and our everyday life as well! Being able to read and think about the definitions of my peers was also nice because it made me think about perspectives I didn't think of at first.Great course!!!
wow, that was really interesting to me as i had no experience in what diplomacy actually is prior to this class.  that being said, this is a great class for diplomats (as it offers much detail to be discussed) and non diplomats, also, (as it is extremely informative as it pertains to life and communication in general) as well.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.  thanks so much for the experience!!!
It's the first time I am learning about diplomacy as a profession and actual field of study in-depth and not simply based on practioners' accounts. While the latter is undoubtedly important for anyone interested in a diplomatic career themselves, there is something to be said about understanding the history and evolution as well as various aspects of the profession and practice.
I really enjoyed this course, it opens your mind and extend your academic thinking about diplomacy and its concepts seen from different points of view. It is taught by highly qualified teachers. I recommend this course for anyone who is in the study of the legal branch or even for general culture. Thanks for the opportunity and the academic material given during the course.
This course is aimed at all those interested in the subject of diplomacy, whether they want to prepare for a profession in this field, or that they want to understand better the role of diplomacy in today's world, the evolution of diplomacy in the last century, the way of organizing specific institutions, as well as the various forms of diplomacy currently practiced.
Extremely convenient and tailored course, with amazing short videos by professionals and substantive accessible materials. The subject is interesting, although it says the modern world diplomacy, there are also great materials about traditional diplomacy. It is tailored course, you will be able to learn easily and joyfully.    Thank you so much. Truly enjoyed it .
The course, of course offers a clear insight on the foundation in Global Diplomacy for those, who are interested to pursue. Unlike some of the other MOOC curses, offered by others, the very unique teaching methodology and assessment constructions, induce participants, to go a little deeper into the course contents, by seeking and learning other related materials.
I actually see it as a very educational and useful course, nice way of teaching by short videos (even if the readings were a bit too long but still interesting content) and the tasks were meaningful, I see it as a course that is smh good but my only advice would be in making more tasks or events that connect the course participants more together in a direct way
Taking a course in global  diplomacy has provided me with the adequate knowledge on diplomacy, and has broaden my knowledge on the qualities of who a good diplomat is, as well as the various dimensions of  diplomacy. The academic  materials that were provided went a long way to aid the successful completion of the course. I'm very grateful for the opportunity .
It seems to me a basic but very interesting course on the concepts of Diplomacy. Many times you don't think about diplomacy as it is presented to us, but it is something abstract that we assume happens, but we leave aside the reasons and the ways in which it is carried out. A course that I highly recommend and especially for the readings they provide.
Really loved this course, I was unable to finish my degree due to health issues a few years ago and loved this subject. So in preparation for my return to university (yay!) I decide to brush up. Also kept me sane during this pandemic, definitely worth even if its just for interest sake. Hope you enjoy the course as much as I did, and good luck!
Interesting course -- very good introduction to diplomacy, with interesting historical context. I appreciated the video interviews and the readings, which culminated in an especially excellent week 5 reading.   In thinking through opportunities for improvement, I suspect an in-depth case study for close examination may benefit future learners.
What I want to say first is the I loved the course style. First you are providing different personalities' views on the topic, then you provide reading, then final video. I really enjoyed the course. The purpose of gaining basic knowledge about diplomacy is successful. Thank you Prof. Simon and the whole team of SOAS, University of London.
I enjoyed my time learning in this course. But I actually have a concern: even though the materials were difficult enough for me to study (FYI: I am not a student from social science background), should not this course have been more challenging especially for them who pursued a verified certificate like me? What is your opinion?
I feel proud and very happy to have completed this program which has been dear to me. I wish good luck to all the friends who have followed and share this program with me.  Thanks to Dr. J. Simon Rofe, the founder of this program.  Thank you to all the experts who had to share their experiences to transfer their knowledge to us.
It is very useful. The peer review method is nice. Learning materials also enough. variety of examples and speakers including the practitioners and academics. Range of knowledge and information. World class examples. Different thoughts. At the end, it would be better to get a scope of interactions. Excellent course overall
This course will certainly help everyone who has aspirations to learn about Diplomacy. From the Skills of Diplomats to Diplomacy happening around the world, this course will boost not only your knowledge from a perspective but from multiple dimensions and from other peers as well. Had a great time in completing the course.
Excellent Course, it truly explains and gives details of the workings of Diplomacy, show what the traits of a diplomat ought to be while also outlining the success and failure of diplomacy. I’m very happy to have taken this course as I aspire to enter the political arena. This course has taught me the value of diplomacy.
This course was interesting and different. It is not a usual MOOCS as you can interact, you have to send in assignments, and you are reviewed by your peers - which makes everything better because we are all on the same track. I would highly recommend it, plus the information is relevant for our difficult times as well.
Global Diplomacy studying through the University of London SAOS was one of my great self educating experience. I have had a full course and completed successfully. The course give me great insights and developed my rational understanding of understanding how countries operate and cooperate through this institution.
This is a great course and one learns a lot on the subject of diplomacy.
Would highly recommend it to anyone who wishes to know more about this
fascinating subject that is of great importance in any area of our lives. No matter
what you profession is, this course will be of great use for diplomacy is all around
us.
This is such a wonderful course. It helps you understand diplomacy in the international spheres and also how it can be used in the daily life. Really thankful of the University of London that they have put such a wonderful course online and it can reach everyone on the globe and is fairly cheap and accessible.
I started this course to help myself in understanding Global Diplomacy which adds into my BS education of International Relations. This course helped me in understanding some of the basic definitions, meanings, terms and experienced some great time learning with some of the best in the University of London.
The course has very rewarding . I have really learnt very much . My initial understanding of Global Diplomacy is totally different in every aspect. Its really good for anyone who wish to embark on this field or course to really consider to study take up this course. its very enriching and builds confidence.
A nice interactive course that gives general understanding of basic concepts of diplomacy. You should not expect to get very deep and professional understanding of practical diplomacy finishing this one. For the chosen style and purpose, however, this course is very well-balanced, interesting and inspiring.
The videos are so engaging, the community so helpful in giving feedback, and a great start and confirmation if you are considering embarking on an international law career path. Overall, I loved to learn so many things from this course, and has helped me tremendously for my law school applications.
Good start in Global Diplomacy. I hope there will be courses about diplomacy, more details, more case studies, failed and successful diplomacy with its own reasons, of course with the professional view. I enjoyed with the course. Watched, listened and got interesting ideas, knowledge and feedback.
Before joining this course I had very little clue what about diplomacy but after doing this course I understand that diplomacy is not just about talking and handshaking. It's more than that. I thank coursera for giving me this wonderful oppurtunity to explore my interest through this platform.
I thought this course was fantastic. It was definitely my favorite class one in a while. In which it helped me understand the roles of Diplomatic relations in detail. Again well done all who made this course available and will be looking for more courses like this. Alex Ehrhardt (Malta/Europe)
The course was a good introduction to diplomacy, and can be completed quite easily. The assignments were good test of our understanding about the different week's content and concepts. It was also interesting to see different perspectives and views towards approaching the same issue/question.
I immensely enjoyed taking part of this course, I learned a lot, and as well I benefit from the fact that I had an interaction with other students who assess my work and noted me and vice versa. I thing it is incredible! I would recommend it for people who are interested in global diplomacy.
With the advent of globalisation, diplomacy has transformed both in content and nature. Participating in this course has provided greater insight as it relates to the changes in international affairs as a result of globalisation, and how foreign ministries have had to adapt to such changes.
First of all it was really a pleasure to see this course in Coursera. I really liked the way whole course is summed up especially the videos and training materials. It gives you various perspective to look at diplomacy from different angles i.e. from everyday life to international level.
This course indeed has given me a broad prospect of Diplomacy. But this is for sure whatever the way we define diplomacy, this all I consider it as an Idealistic approach. This must be defined how it reaches to people, what people think about it, how the community reacts over diplomacy.
This was a great course. It provided me with a high level of insight regarding diplomacy that I was eager to learn and know. I never studies anything to do with politics prior to this course, so I am surprised that I was able to follow the curriculum and enjoy it all at the same time.
Nicely  structured loved the readings that were assigned to the course.I would request the team for slightly longer course maybe a duration of 3-6 months to cover diplomacy in different regions. I would love to be informed if you have such a course. As the diploma is very expensive.
This course has given me the confidence by gaining knowledge in the field of diplomacy . I am looking forward to doing another course in international relations with Courseera and further my knowledge and understanding in world relations !Thank you for the knowledge and support!:)
I do appreciate your wisely and artfully designed course. I have always felt a real need to understand diplomacy and read more about it, your course gave me the chance to have a wider viewpoint about diplomacy. Many thanks to the University of London and Dr. Rofe for this course!
Unanimously, this course makes one search like a journalist for answers, definitions examples and what not. I've read really exemplary answers from peers and their understanding of Diplomacy really sparked a newer approach and created a intricate vision for understanding context.
The class was concise and focused. The content was thought provoking and engaging.  The purpose of the class was clearly accomplished and the activities were very focused so that you could reflect on what you were learning.  I would take another class with this professor anyway!!
This was an amazing course! It was extremely relevant and informative.The use of so many experts was wonderful in being able to broaden the topic and to gain different perspectives.I feel that I have definitely gain some valuable knowledge and understanding of Global Diplomacy!
I was so delighted to get involved in this course  about diplomacy in the modern world , I was able to gain and grasp more knowldege related to different styles of diplomacy and how diplomats should behave to create a kind of peace-building . Thank you so much London University
Through "Global Diplomacy" I learnt the difference between an ambassador and diplomat,  and successful diplomacy and failed diplomacy. I also learnt qualities of a good diplomat and their importance to successful negotiation. This course has deepened my interest in Diplomacy .
Amazing course! I totally enjoyed doing this course and I learned a lot. Apart from learning about diplomacy, what I liked is the peer graded assignments where you give and receive feedback. I enjoyed writing answers and giving feedback to my peers. Thank you for the course!
Excellent course. The videos are very enlightening and show various world views and definitions about diplomacy. I recommend the course to anyone who wants to understand a little more about diplomacy and the different worldviews and negotiations that we have. Thank you!
It is an excellent course for those who do not have a deep knowledge in diplomacy but want to learn the basics of the field. The videos in which professors discus the topic through conversations are really interesting  and quite easy to understand. highly recommended!!
The course framework of engaging students with regular submissions was great. It certainly increased my involvement in it. The feeling you get when you see a positive review to your submission is very encouraging. That being said the course should have been longer.
Very  complete and interesting introduction to the world of Diplomacy. The course encompasses various points of view on what Diplomacy is, its successes and failures, as well as provides crucial readings to gain basic understanding of Diplomacy's role in the World.
Very well conceived, easy to understand and reading materials provided are all relevant and interesting. I  would highly recommend this cours to people who want to start to study international relations and diplomacy. I would like to continue with advanced courses.
I enjoyed the course and particularly found the interaction quite interesting to read their reflections on the course and each unit. I thank and commend the composers of this course. I've recommended to friends and colleagues to take this up. Thank you very much!
Through interviews with diplomats and texts by diplomats about diplomacy and peer reviewed assignments we gain insight in what diplomacy is and what makes diplomacy successful, and what characteristics a successful diplomat need to have. Very interesting course!
Excellent refreshing course for professional diplomats and career diplomats alike that is so easy to follow but also short and sharp. I would recomend for those who also wants to understand the diplomatice circles and functions to at least enrole to this course.
The course on global diplomacy is very helpful in giving the basic structure and understanding about diplomacy in a broadened way. It is differentiated clearly the study beyond it . It is a pleasure to learn as it gives a good scope on international relations.
This has been a very helpful course for me. I now have a clearer understanding of diplomacy in action. The professors and experts' knowledge and experience have made me realise the value of diplomacy in our modern world. I would highly recommend this course.
First time for me to try an online course. I was afraid it's gonna be complicated and difficult, but on the contrary of my expectation, it was interesting, enjoyable, and simple. A really great experience.Thanks to everyone involved in creating this course.
This course has been a great journey in and of itself; the video lectures informative, the readings were equally good, if not better. I certainly enjoyed learning here and would recommend anyone with interest on how polities should interact diplomatically.
Excellent Course, thoroughly enjoyed the videos and reading material as well as the forums for discussion. The Peer assignment and peer grading platforms are a great way to see what fellow students are doing in the class. This comes highly recommended.
The Global Diplomacy Course is a excellent.This course provides a broad understanding of diplomacy.It is more attractive due to the fact that it is updated day by day.specialy Dr.Simon Rofe and coursera group tank for your greatful work.Great course.
This course has helped me broaden my knowledge on Diplomacy even more than I have known. I view diplomacy in a totally different way now given what was carefully taught through videos and reading materials. I recommend taking this course definitely.
The course offered an opportunity to understand the impact of globalization in diplomacy and in facilitating greater use of information and communication technology and better access to information by the public, who want to have a say in diplomacy.
It isn't too long or serious, but very helpful in creating a broad idea of what diplomacy is. I especially enjoyed getting to view the various thoughts and opinions of other people from different cultures. I definitely recommend taking this course!!
I would like to give you the High Marks .This Course is properly arranged and it includes most of the needed factors student like us specially a student from Sri Lanka ,This is really good.And would like to guaranty this course to my friends.Macy!!!
Interesting course! Offers an understanding of what Diplomacy is all about. I was able to gain enlightenment on what diplomacy entails and how to be a good diplomat. Highly recommended for anyone who is interested in learning more about Diplomacy.
As a Criminal Justice major, this course has helped understand more in terms of diplomacy as I spent 5 weeks learning about diplomacy. It has helped me in making a decision on the choice of what I want to specialize in which is National security.
I loved the approach of the course and the peer review activities. I think that for such a theme, it was fantastic to have multiple experts give their opinions and ideas about the subject at hand. I am looking forward for more courses like this!
Such a pleasure to have enrolled on this course. It has been really interesting to learn how Diplomacy works thanks to experts in the field of International Relations. I am grateful for what I have been taught. I really recommend this course.
This course was very informative, but I am afraid to say readings were not enough for a comprehensive understanding of thr subject of diplomacy. Please enhance the readings and make workload of week4 more extensive. Thanks for everything
I honestly and sincerely loved this course and I would encourage everyone out there to do this one as everything  in it is so subtle yet something extremely important.  I am so grateful and maybe would sometime want to study there too.
I have the best impressions about this course. Especially the info/time relation that was perfect for me. Very qualitative information provided in videos and articles. Waiting for some more courses on this topic, I loved it! Thank you.
It was a good experience online study and has inspired me to take more courses like this one. Thank you to the Instructor and his team and University of London for providing online course options like this. Have a great continuation.
This course really helped me understand what diplomacy means as well as its key role in our everyday life. Diplomacy is key in today's world and actions, be it political or otherwise. A great course seen from different perspectives!
I have learnt much knowledge in this course, including cross-cultural communication, international policy-making and international relations. I learned that diplomacy is not only just the official work, but it is used at all levels.
Global Diplomacy-Diplomacy in the Modern World is an interesting program with an easy to follow outline of the course content. It has satisfied my curiosity into knowing about the subject of Diplomacy in International relations.
Thank you very much for the selection of reading materials, in particular "Peace Negotiations" by Robert Lancing. It was great pleasure to read whole book, as well as draw similarities with the current events and personalities.
It was an extraordinary exchange of knowledge. To be able to submit my work and have it scrutinized, not only by my professors but by my peers was quite the gratifying experience.  I hope to take similar courses in the future.
Interesting course, which introduce you to the world of diplomacy, global affairs, ministries of foreign affairs statecraft, and so on. It´s a good starting point for those interested in understanding more about this subject
It was really an awesome course on diplomacy, video discussions of great scholars of diplomacy. I learned various new terms in this course. I'm very thankful to Cursera and University of London and SOAS University of London.
Having been able to take this course was an incredible experience. I am a student who is fighting a corrupt system in her country and who wants to do her best for her nation. Frankly I feel one step closer to achieving it
Simple and vital course for all those interested to enter the field of International Relations or for those who want to become a diplomat. The course structure is really good and provides a wide understanding of diplomacy
The course is not only informative but also keeps you interested. Definitely, a course I would recommend to all who are interested in learning international relations, diplomacy and exploring career of a diplomat.
I have learned so much about diplomacy and now understand it and want to put my theory into practice. Diplomacy is an integral part of our daily lives. Community engagement and communication is key in every aspect
The course was well structured, and allowed me to complete the course on my own phase. Course was designed to be very interactive, I felt that I was almost in a classroom when learning more about global diplomacy.
I learned a lot from this course. This will help me in my future MUN career as well as my dream job as Diplomat. Thanks to everybody who were associated with this course, and those who reviewed my assignments
I was very amazed by this course. It was very well done and very interesting to listen to experts speak about diplomacy. I have confirmed a few things and gained new knowledge as well. I totally recommend it!
This course let me know about the ins-out f a diplomat and the diplomacy through every possible perspective. Lucky to have this amount of knowledge from the best professors and huge shout out to the learners.
This course is really informative, easy to understand and follow, the videos and articles they provide are very interesting. It was perfect for me because it’s online. Thank you very much for this experience.
Thanks a lot to The London University for providing us with this exceptional course. I got to learn about the qualities of diplomacy and the diploma. It has been a pleasure completing this course. Thank you!
At the starting some articles and some talks seem to be boring, tough and uninteresting, but as I went on I started understanding and reaching almost the finishing line is exciting like achieving something.
Thank you for the teachers and guests, this course was full of useful information, articles and videos helped me deeply understand what global diplomacy is. I am very grateful for this great opportunity.
Excellent course, I highly recommend to anyone who is interest in obtaining an insight in the field of Diplomacy. The videos and lectures and overall course material was very informative and interesting.
It was very exciting and interesting experience for me. I`ve learned many new things. There`re educational videos about diplomacy from the best professors of University in London. I liked it very much!
This is the ideal course for anyone who wants a peek into what diplomacy actually is. After this course, I learnt that diplomacy is required in everyone's life, in each of our day to day activities.
Great course! An absolute great reference to lean on in my career again. Refreshing and renewing. The tutors were absolute amazing and on point. Assignments easy to understand. Ready for the next!
I truly enjoyed this course, is a topic that I really like, the information is clear and complete, the activies shown are fun to do and the interaction between students is great, excellent course.
This course literally changed my outlook on life in general and particularly on negotiation. Learning the skills that diplomats practice made me reframe many assumptions. I highly recommend it.
A Very interesting course, I personally have learned a lot and it did broaden my scope indeed! I would recommend it in case you are a person interested in International Relations and Diplomacy.
A great course with a unique style of instruction. The interactions with many teachers, researchers and persons with experience in diplomacy gave some amazing insights about global diplomacy.
This course is interesting where it develops your understanding in International Relations and Diplomacy protocols. I love the course to strengthen my knowledge on Foreign Policy. Happy study
The coursework has been structured incredibly well with appropriate amount of reading and writing. Week 5 as a Revision through thorough run of Interviews is an immensely effective addition.
was amazing, i learned a lot about diplomacy in the modern world and i know, i"m going to use this knowledge in the future and my classes too.thanks to all instructors for this good course.
Great course especially for beginners in the diplomatic field. Would have loved at least a one-off online lecture by the organizers nevertheless, for me, it was a great refresher's course.
Thank you for this great course, SOAS! It is my second time with SOAS, University of London on Coursera. I really like your international relations program. Thank you! Thank you very much!
this is an awesome course and i'm so much enjoying it. and i learned how to keep dialogue with others and how to master my words so that i can keep communicating with others. thanks a lot!
Very interesting and practical course.Thank you very much to all the skilful speakers who very clearly made their points about global diplomacy.Really, I have learnt a lot here.Thank you.
It has been a wonderful journey taking this course. I have learnt a lot and enjoyed the experience in learning about what diplomacy is and also hearing others' views about it. Thank you.
As an International Relations with Politics student, I am very satisfied with the content and concept of this course. Definitely well-organized and helpful course related to my subject.
Very enlightening course,the design of the course  advances gradually in due order, and is of great help to student who want to have a better and deeper understanding of diplomacy.
I loved this course,Dr. J. Simon Rofe and the professors did a great job in this course, they explained it in a way to reach easily the learners.I recommend studying this course.
A different approach to online learning. Requires concrete proof of feedback that reflects interaction and contemplation of the learner with the content given. Excellent course.
Thank you so much for sharing all your knowledge with us. I am very happy to have had the opportunity to be in such an EXCELLENT course.  I will continue studying in this area.
Extremely interesting and stimulating course for sudents and practitioners alike. I appreciated the videos, the reading suggestions and the interaction with fellow students.
This is an amazing opportunity to increase your knowledge and learn about something that passionate you, I really enjoyed this experience and totally recommend this course.
A well taught course with great interviews for learning and giving structure to the course. Emphasises the need to be critically analytical. I learnt much from this course.
Great course for those who want to study what is modern diplomacy today. Among the different materials, I liked the videos with different professors in this field the most
It was a very interesting courses and I learned a lot new ideas. But I am in need of to pursue masters program if you offers me a scholarship to pursue my masters program.
I thoroughly enjoyed the learning of course, since from beginning the outline of course framework is outstanding. My objective towards this course has got accomplished.
Incredibly informative and well put together course addressing all questions I had on this topic! Would highly recommend to anyone with interest in this area of study.
A great introductory course and an eye-opener for further studies! I can't wait to apply this knowledge to the real world and my further studies. Thank you, Coursera!
Learned the diplomacy from a broader perspective and how to do an analysis of it in the contemporary world. Lectures and the reading materials were very knowledgable.
Relaxed course, giving you the chance to observe both other students and experts' opinions on the matter. Really makes you think about the concepts. Well designed.
It was an amazing experience. I deeply recommend the course for all those who have any interesting about Diplomacy, foreign politics, and international affairs.
I advise everyone to take this course. Thank you very much, Dr. J Simon Rofe and the Global Diplomacy Team . The course was very interesting and comprehensive.
I have tremendously benefited from this course and I find it very educating and enlightening regardless of your educational background or professional career.
amazing course content. brief and necessary. to the point. videos were very useful. tutors were very clear and lucid. thanks a lot to the team. warm regards
The course was very informative. I feel i have learnt a lot when it comes to global diplomacy and I definitely will continue learning more about this course
Flexible schedule, great professors and very interesting lectures that will help you understand more about the importance of Diplomacy in the Modern World.
I have just completed the Global Diplomacy - Diplomacy in the Modern World online course and I am very satisfied with how the learning method was composed.
This was a great course! I fully enjoyed all the tasks and I found getting feedback was very quick. I would highly recommend it to a fellow student/friend!
A very interesting course to introduce people into the world of diplomacy. Videos are very interesting and readings allow you to go deeper in this subject.
An excellent course, designed not only to provide new knowledge but thought provoking about what diplomacy is today. I have enjoyed completing this course.
i like very much the method of the e-tivity i really learn a lot and that would be very good if they can have more courses like this one, Congratulations.
Excellent course with numerous insightful, well produced videos from experts, very well selected readings, fast past learning and interactive assignments.
A fantastic  overview  about diplomacy  in the modern  world. The peer reviewed  assignment  were the most fun aspect. Overall, a course worth  your time.
Excellent course, even for beginners like me. After completing it, I feel ready for the next steps in the world of diplomacy and international relations.
An excellent course to enhance your understanding of diplomacy covering almost all aspects from historical evolution to the present state of diplomacy.
It is my first online course and i have had a great experience. Got a chance to read what others think on the same issue through review your peer tool.
The course was very plain and pertinent. Everything was well versed and the sources were very reliable. Very happy to complete this course. Thank you.
I really enjoyed with learning what the meaning of the Diplomacy and how i be diplomatic thank you Coursera for giving me the chance to learn about it
. One will understand how broad the concept of diplomacy is. The E-tivities are engaging and I have learnt a lot from the instructor and the students.
The course was amazingly constructed and it provided a modern perspective into the world of global diplomacy. Thank you to the university of London .
This was a good, short and insightful course on diplomacy with various perspectives to it. I thoroughly enjoyed it and would definitely recommend it!
It was awesome. This is the one of the best courses I have ever taken. In this course, I found out a lot of useful information relating to Diplomacy
a very well complete course of the basics of Diplomacy!!! I have learned a lot and very excited for the future courses this university will provide!
Went into this course knowing nothing much about diplomacy or foreign relations, came out with a clear understanding and my own take on the subject!
Outstanding course, gets a person thinking, and I appreciate the opportunity to learn new things. Please keep the courses coming and thanks again!
The teachers have shown the way and encouraged all to explore further and navigate deeper into the subject. Their guidance remained all the time.
Thank you very much. It has really broadened my view of diplomacy and activated me to seek more training and career opportunities in this field.
Best course ever, each and every concept was crystal clear to understand, great job, brilliant course, thanks a lot really really thanks a lot
I thought this course was great! Learned a lot, and the workload and way the classes are divided is not too difficult to follow and work with.
The professors was really experts in the subject of the course. Really great information. I learn a lot. Was so easy to understand. Thank you.
It's an  excellent course for those who are planning to be diplomats or curious about global diplomacy. I have gain a lot out of this course.
I loved the course since it starts by explaining the basic concept and moving on to what attributes are needed to be a successful diplomat.
This was my introduction to the Global diplomacy courses and I must say, I had to do more. Happy that I made the choice to take this course
A great and useful course. It made me think about every topic we've discussed about. I am interested to delve into this new field (to me).
I benefited from this course as it gave an in-depth analysis of the discourse on diplomacy and access to some world class course material
Very good course - the team put together thought provoking video material, and the reading material was well thought out for this course.
It summarizes views from different authority in the area. It takes 30 minutes to an hour to do the coursework. It's highly participatory.
I found this course very good, from the bibliographic references to the professors explaining about the subjects that concern diplomacy.
I think it is a great coruse for whoever wants to get started in the diplomacy world, full of resources and interestin topics to tackle.
I really enjoy this MOOC.I'm very grateful with University of London for sharing such a nice program to foreign students.Congratulations
Excellent course, informative and structured very well. Easy to follow competencies and I learned a lot. very good value for money too.
I benefited a lot from this course because it has healed my ignorance about the diplomatic world and i now know better about diplomacy.
super cette formation , j'ai appris des choses très importante Global Diplomacy – Diplomacy in the Modern World ! !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
A brilliant course! We werent advised of the 5th week and the deadlines related to it, but the course content and delivery was superb!
Really understandable and informative course! Strongly advise it to everyone who is interested in world politics and diplomacy itself!
Truly enjoyed the course and gained a lot of insight on the topic. The videos were definitely of great help and of interest as well !
I really like the course. I think it just needs a lot more explanation cause I learn slowly and understand slowly. Thank you so much.
This course provide me an opportunity to get the basics of diplomacy, and to communicate my ideas with other classmates. Real great.
Amazing! I love the peer-graded assignment concept as it does implement the diplomacy in action. Thank you so much for this course!
Course enhanced my knowledge and discipline regarding diplomatic history and theory, moderately challenging and I feel more refined
Great experience, this course let me to interact with people across globe and have their opinions and was able to share mine too.
This is a short but effective course that I highly recommend to anyone that wishes to acquire a clear understanding of diplomacy.
Love the grading method! It helpts to review and excercise and think about your task when you read and rate other people - Great!
Great course! I really enjoyed the experience as a whole, an amazing first experience with Coursera and the University of London
I really enjoyed this course. It was really useful and I highly recommend it for those who are interested in studying diplomacy!
A great overview of what global diplomacy is. You will be able to expand on knowledge you already have and acquire new ones too.
It was  lovely !Thank you very much to all of those that contributed to make an amazing comprehensive a well documented course.
I learned a lot during the course and I acquired the knowledge I was hungry for but made me more enthusiastic to keep learning
i love this course, it will also help me in my field  (Peace building and Conflict Resolution). It is a good course to study.
In this course you will learn all about diplomacy, determination and thematization or the political actors and business rules
A thought provoking course, I must say. An explicit written and directed course with wonderful coursemates. I enjoyed it all.
It's a great basis to get started in this field. The course has basic notions, but also provides good videos and literature.
This is perfect well presented and analysis of the course is fantastic the discussion is easy and engaging. I love learning.
Great course with understanding of some basic concepts and philosophy on International relation and foresight of the future.
Awesome experience. I would recommend this course to any one interested diplomacy or wanting to know. It was very worth it.
Simply, I love this course, all the videos and texts are really important and useful in which I can use to improve myself.
Everyone should know about COURSERA! I just got addicted to learning, there are many options to improve knowledge in here!
Very interesting course. I really enjoyed listening to the various experts speaking about different aspects of diplomacy.
The course features great videos with experts on diplomacy. I thoroughly enjoyed learning more about this field of study.
The course really helped me to understand diplomacy in the world, we live in. It also helped me, with my current career.
It is a good course to teach basic concepts of diplomacy and it is easy to continue to recommend it for future diplomats
It is a great and enlightening course which can make one a well-versed person in the foundational aspects of diplomacy.
Great course, full of lots of interesting and useful readings regarding the theory and practice of diplomacy worldwide!
Excellent course and excellent knowledge, I recommend anyone who is interested in diplomacy or international relations
Really concrete and useful when it comes to global diplomacy. Yet there is still a lot to learn and read on the topic.
It was a fantastic opportunity and I really enjoyed the peer-graded assignments. Hope to continue with further courses
Thank you very much for this course! Very interesting approach and very interesting discussions with other Colleagues.
very informative and educational… its clear and important for people who are interested in communications and politics
An excellent and well designed course. Be sure to read all of the assigned reading to procure the most from this MOOC.
A meeting place with the theoretical and practical analysis about the diplomacy and its relevance in the modern world.
Very enlightening and interesting. Also straight to the point. Reviewing other student's work helped me learn better.
Great course, with lots of interviews and insights from people working in or studying diplomacy. Highly recommended!
nice course, reality course today, but it's also important to add how  to use diplomacy as a guns against terrorism"
I really enjoyed the course and it opened up my eyes on how to incorporate diplomacy in my own profession life too!
It was such an enriching experience! If you want to get involved in Diplomacy this course is a great way to start!
thank you for helping and allowed me to achieve this goal... million thanks to coursera and university of london
so exited to learn this topic because give a lot information regarding diplomacy which i never get on my college
This course provides an overview on modern approach in diplomacy. Videos and readings are helpful. Worth-taking!
a brilliant course.If you are planning a career in international relations, this course is your perfect choice.
Thank you SOAS, Univ of London; a great course to learn history, international relations and political science.
it has been a great learning experience and I feel equipped to take proceed in my quest to becoming a diplomat
Great course thanks for all staff they work on ! I'm so grateful I hope everyone find they great career path !
A very nice course for a general overview on diplomacy. Thanks a lot for this wonderful learning opportunity.
Great reading materials and videos/ interviews.  I have very much enjoyed this course and have learned a lot!
Fantastic, well-structured, easy to follow and understand course, highlighting key components in this field.
This course was really helpful for me to realize  and understand the value of diplomacy in the modern world.
Great course! Gives a great understanding of diplomacy and how diplomacy is changing and its further trends.
Good basic introduction to the subject. Nice balance of input and resources with a requirement of research.
This course has whet my appetite for more courses in international politics and global diplomacy.  Thanks!
A Great Course for Understanding Basic Diplomacy throughout the Years and throughout the world we live in
Very great and amazing course about global diplomacy where I learned more about diplmatic life and career
Very enjoyable. The course presentation was excellent. I would definitely recommend the course to others.
Global Diplomacy is the foreign policy and management of international affairs .It represent the country.
A worthwhile course which encourages learning at all levels.Looking forward to completing another one.
A great course that has multitude of perspectives on Diplomacy . I Strongly recommend it for everyone.
an absolutely wonderful course, loved the topics, the contents and loved the way they were presented
Such a great course! It gave me the right tools to understand the diplomacy in a holistic approach.
I found that course excellent! Interesting, going pretty deep in the topic. I enjoyed it very much.
Diverting and informative course, highly recommended! Good, clear and transparent course structure.
I am very much glad to complete the course.Thank you Coursera Team to provide such a great course.
I am very grateful to the people who prepared this course for us, I have benefited a lot from it.
Very informative. The material provided was excellent. I never for once felt bored of the course.
I liked this course's format. It is unusual and really interesting! Thank you, Dr. J. Simon Rofe.
Very good programmation. Looking forward to learning more with University of Lundon. Thanks a lot
Great course! Material is very informative and peer reviews are fun. I'd definitely recommend it!
This course was so useful for me. I learned more new information about diplomacy  I am grateful.
Really a very useful course with different points of view on the elements that define diplomacy
Thank you for this very interesting course! It is help me to deeply understood about diplomacy!
Very interesting course and the signposting to various interesting articles was very enjoyable.
This is very good course.We learnt from many talented person, and gain their experiences. Nice!
This course is really very good and informative. Now I know many things about world diplomacy.
An excellent course for understanding the basics of diplomacy. Totally happy with the training
I thoroughly enjoyed this course! Learned a lot from my classmates and the professors as well.
Interesting, knowledge update, global interaction and understanding of different perspectives
Interesting point of view about the diplomacy, its evolutions and the role in the XXI century
It was really an engaging course, but i expected it to be bit factual and structural learning
enrich basic knowledge about diplomacy and creates more wider domain to understand the matter
Its been a great learning experience - thanks so much to the Coursera team and Dr Simon Rofe.
its really a superb course to understand diplomacy in international arena. it helped me alot
Very interesting course! The lectures are great; so is the cooperative format of the course.
Very light but at the same time addictive and really interactive course, i have enjoyed it!
Very good online coures for learners in the feild of Diplomacy and International Relations.
Immensely enjoyed this course in these times of intense and erratic diplomatic engagements.
An Excellent introduction to the world of Global Diplomacy from a World Renowned University
A very great course every student of International Relations should venture into studying.
Excellent Mooc that help you to understand the basic terms regarding diplomacy now a days.
thank you very much this course is very nice and well prepared thank you coursera keep up
The course is very engaging and gives a wide perspective of handling Diplomatic relations
A nice brief introduction to anyone interested in diplomacy and effective communications.
Well established course that cover completely the world of diplomacy in the modern world.
Great resource materials provided. What proof to show that you finished the free course?
amazing to learn from on e of the best universities in the world! incredible experience!
A great course, providing a broad perspective on diplomacy and the role of the diplomat.
my first ever experience with coursera and this course made me to make a fabulous start.
I learn a lot of concepts and applications of diplomacy that change my perception of it
Great!!! It has helped me keep studying despite the coronavirus situation, thank you!!
This is a good academic work from University of London,very insightful and interactive
this has been a very interesting course for me, it thought me so much about diplomacy
This is a great first course for anyone looking to try this. What a great experience!
Excellent course, it was a pleasure to learn about diplomacy with Dr. J Simon Rofe.
The course is good and open my understanding to the game of diplomacy in modern era
I enjoyed the programme and was great learning more and interacting with my peers.
Thoroughly enjoyed going through this course and the activites that came with it.
I am absolutely happy with this Course and with the way of teaching and learning
Excellent course for diplomats and persons interested in international affairs.
Every student who wants to succeed in political science must study this course
Excellent course. Extremely useful. Quality study material , and good lectures
With a doubt good job, i have never studied whis kind of sophisticated Course
I learned a lot about Diplomacy and I feel very grateful for the opportunity.
Very interesting course. I learned in a general perspective. i recommend it.
A great course to be taken as a fresh student under diplomacy. Very helpful.
I really learned a lot about Diplomacy, this course is very well-structured.
I am very satisfied with this course and learnt a lot through joyful moment
I would like to thank University of London about this very valuable course.
everything is very interesting and informative. Many thanks for this course
I learned a lot about diplomacy and its nature
It was an interesting course
It was perfect. The videos and all text and lecturs ver interesting. Thanks
Amazing course with in-depth analysis of the qualities of a good diplomat .
Oh my goodness... I love this course to the max. It is really insightful.
Amazing course to learn more about understanding diplomacy and diplomats.
A very good introductory course to get familiar with the diplomacy world.
very interesting subject and great understanding course about diplmacy...
It widened my understanding of Diplomacy at large, would recommend 10/10
really helpful in expanding your knowledge base in diplomacy in general
Awesome. I enjoyed this course. Hoping to purchase my certificate soon.
A must if you are a beginner and interested in International relations
Great opportunity. Good instructor and awesome lectures. Thanks a lot.
it was such a great experience i have gained while taking this course.
Very Informative and knowledge providing course.Good knowledge gained.
one of my favorite courses ever.it was engaging and very influential
it was great experience . i gained lot of knowledge about diplomacy.
great course which highlights all the important factors of diplomacy
Great for starting a career in politics but not just limited to it.
Very good introduction to the basics of Diplomacy. Worth attending.
I love this course. It helped me a lot inn understanding Diplomacy.
The course was very useful and the concepts were very interesting.
The most powerful thing here is the way of learning Thanks For You
Informative and precise. Gives perspective from different angles.
A good course that gave me an insight into the world of diplomacy
Very informative and applicable. It's like taking a full module.
Full course of Modern World Global Diplomacy. Loved it 👍👌😷😷
I found the format of the course very engaging and interesting.
Amazing course for those, who want to the basics of diplomacy.
This Course is awesome and helpful for me. Thank you so much.
I like this course in particular and hope to major it further
Important course for understanding basic aspects of Diplomacy
A wonderful experience!!! Videos and articles very helpful!!
I enjoyed this Course.  I  will definitely pursue it further
Very interesting. Was a pleasure to work through this course
an excellent learning experience with a realistic timeline.
I learned  lot! thank you so much! one of the best courses!
The course was very interesting and taught me a great deal.
Very good course if you want to learn more about diplomacy!
Really helpful and understandable course. Enjoyed it a lot.
This course is very effective for communication in our job.
nice course! nice teacher! very practical knowledge and ex
Very informative and precise course. Well structured too!
thank you for great understanding about Global Diplomacy.
You can learn about diplomacy. I is very good course ot l
It was very useful and easy going! I enjoyed the course!
A great introductory course to the concept of diplomacy.
I wish there is a continuation of this course online. :)
it is a wonderful course from which you can learn a lot
Simple and understandable discussions about diplomacy.
Thank from coursera to offered this opportunity for us
Very complete. The information given is really useful
This is a great course to be introduced to Diplomacy!
Through this course, I learned a lot about diplomacy.
This provides a very deep understanding of diplomacy.
Excellent material, well presented and evenly paced.
Excellent programme. I found the material compelling
Very interesting course! I enjoyed and learned lot!
Very nice experience,Thanks coursera team for this.
great course, very interesting and I learned a lot!
I am thankful that this opportunity was given to me
It’s an effective course to learn about diplomacy.
it was absolutely useful and fantastic experience.
good course to understand the basics of diplomacy
Great course for whom is interested in diplomacy.
Brilliant course. It's amazing and i loved a lot.
This course shows me how to be a better diplomat.
Good material provided and motivating assignments
This course was amazing and has helped me alot .
Congraluations! I recommend so much this course.
Really good, I learned a lot. Thank you so much.
Thanks to Dr J. Simon Rofe! Interesting course!
Good to be a part of the Global Diplomats......
Quite a good experimentation in course pattern!
Very interesting and perfectly arranged course.
Excellent course, gets to the core of diplomacy
Wonderful introduction to the art of diplomacy.
Extraordinary, excellent short course, regards
Clear, diverse and concrete. Great experience!
One of the best courses I have ever picked up!
Interesting and fun course.   Thanks so much!
it was a very good course with good exposure
Great course! learned so much and enjoyed it
A very comprehensive and well planned course
Great place to think and share ideas. Highly
Excellent course and excellently delivered.
The course is very good and I recommend it.
Well structured course. I really liked it.
thank you so much it was a good experience
Not bad to learn some basics of diplomacy.
Well convened, detailed, and informative.
Absolutely educational, and interactive.
It was very good course. I learned a lot
The course is very good and much useful
Very good course. It is really helpful.
Amazing course! I highly recommend it !
one of the best course i ever have did
It was really useful and mind openning
Good course for starters in diplomacy
Very good videos and article sharing!
it was a good course about diplomacy
Great course. Every part is perfect.
A very good course and very engaging
Really recommended course, love it!
Amazing course, enjoyed every step!
not too long, but ever so valuable.
thank you coursera am very grateful
Interesting course about diplomacy!
Thank you very much for the course.
Very enjoyable and engaging course!
very adequate to learn on Coursera
I learned a lot in this course! :)
amazing , well rounded and helpful
Great Course with great experience
Well organized with high standards
Thank you it was very informative.
A great introduction to diplomacy.
amazing course really insightful!
A quality education, I recommend.
Good induction course. Thank you!
very useful for future diplomats
I loved it! It's comprehensive.
This course is very insightful.
Great introduction on Diplomacy
I love this course, thank you!
this course exceeds expectancy
Fantastic! I learned so much.
interesting. enjoyed learning
Good content, well explained
Amazing look into Diplomacy!
great course with a lot tips
Great learning opportunity.
Fantastic course. Thank you
Great course. learnt a lot.
Excellent reading materials
It was a great experience!
Great overall experience.
Very interisting subject
Helpful to professionals
Very good and fun course
Star Spangled Awesome!!!
Thanks you very much!!!
Very informative. Noice
Very interesting Course
A GREAT COURSE INDEED.
Very usefull and clear
priceless! Thank you
IT IS PERFECT FOR ME
It was great and vey
I really love it!!
Excelente thak you
Really enjoyed it.
great way to learn
An amazing Course!
It was wonderful!
WONDERFULL COURSE
loved this course
Quality Education
Neat introduction
Very insightful
well structured
well designed
Its was great
It is Great.
Very Good :)
It was fun.
Very o
