Short and Crispy with point to point explanation
The title is a bit of a misnomer, because it's really about the English and Welsh law system (including statute law and international law as well as common law) and enforcement systems. Bits of it are incredibly basic but bits of it have some interest. I did learn bits - but not much.Whomever wrote the English subtitles obviously never studied the course; there are many "sounds alike" errors in there. The course is also out of date by at least 5 months (things change!) and there's 1 important broken video link, some text as images etc. so some accessibility issues. It's a bit of a mickey mouse course really; and the £37 for assessment and a certificate is ridiculous. Nice earner for the University of London. Not taxing though
I give this course a 3 star out of 5. The reason why is that although the information is pretty good and decent it was still a little repetitive. Another thing is that the background music in every video is annoying and horrible background music I have ever heard in my life. The information could have been better and executed properly. Like some information I couldn't understand and most of them were very confusing. The videos are okay but a bit boring. Overall, decent course but could have done better with this course.
Both of the instructors spoke very fast which meant it was hard to process the technical knowledge (especially for those who have English as a 2nd language). Plus there were only a few questions to answer at the end of the week - suggestion to have 10 instead of 5.
Good overview, but it is let down by the lack of video tutorials. The course is using Reading materials as core teaching materials and not just as additional information.
A strong course with some great ideas in it. I would have liked to see a more explicit and embedded recognition of the rule of law throughout.
The classes should be more completes.
I liked the course. However I think that is important for teaching any sort of law to question. This means to spark the debate within the knowledge you are teaching and not just assuming that the legal system where you ive in is perfect. Sometimes I would get a feeling that the professors were a little bit biased towards the efficiency and the said "excellence" of the UK legal system. But overall I enjoyed the course, it was very interesting and easy to understand, I'm glad I took it because it serves me as a base on legal knowledge and analysis in general.
Good course and useful, varied mediums of teaching. Some of the documents to read through were up to 70 pages long and I think with material like this it would be useful to have a quiz at the end (like end of week quizzes) so that you can actually try and absorb the information.
I liked everything, besides that organisation of review of a paper work on the end of the course. I needed ask a help that somebody to review my work, instead when I reviewed a lot of esays  from my clasmates. It shall be automatically. It is not seriously at all.
This is a very introductory course for anyone interested in the English law. I would say this is geared to those without any previous exposure to this topic. This is a good course to set a foundation for legal knowledge in order to build off of.
I loved doing this course especially the peer reviewed submission. However, i did not find the accuracy in the assignment wherein subjective answers had to be written. Even after giving a correct answer, the marks were not allotted properly.
Brilliant course. They very aptly and appropriately explain the English Legal system and its components. Further, I learnt about the fundamentals of English common law, its history and the future ahead in matters of Brexit and EU Law.
Thanks for teach me friendly.I am very glad to get certificate from University of London.My dream is to become a Barrister.This Course help me a lot to understand the English Legal System.Take love from Bangladesh.
Hello sir/mam,My overall experience with the course was good but sir/mam i am not able to complete my course as my assignments are locked. please help me out in this regard. Sincerely, Yogesh Bains
Good course in itself, no complaints. However, would just like to say that all the information provided can be found in the textbooks they reference, if you prefer that style of learning!
Very in depth introduction to the English Legal System, provides lots of real life examples of how laws are implemented, and very interesting historical context
Charlotte Crilly & Eloise Ellis are having excellent teaching skills and its a worthy to made out the strong Base in English Common Law.
it is one of different thing and study which i have done  it enhance my treasure of knowledge i just say that it is out of the box
Really interesting broad overview of the English legal system and its part in the constitutional governance of the UK
Very helpful to understand the basics of English Common Law! Thanks to Coursera and U of London for the opportunity!
Concise, clear, engaging. Fun quizzes to memorise fundamentals. Good bibliography notes at the end of each week.
Good foundation course for UK law. It's geared towards a very basic level but was still very informative.
The Course is very well structured and it helps in understanding the basics of English common law.
the court system can be explained in more detailed like court with their different jurisdiction
I enjoyed this course. It is a good primer for anybody interested in the English legal system.
We were asked to read too much and there were too many assignments but they were helpful.
a useful introductory course that has given a good range of basic information
Very good course with informative and interesting lesson subjects every week.
Great course, to understand the basics of the common law system in the UK.
I like this way to learn and this course topics was so great
Good course! It was really good to correct other essays.
Well structured course, great introduction to law.
This course is a well designed one. It provides us a good comprehensive guide on the legal practice in England. I'm grateful to the designers of the course and 2 lecturers for presenting us this.
Very good overview to law, especially to someone who had never studied it before. Some parts were confusing, as I did not know the law term, but overall beneficial course.
As mentioned earlier, I applause your university to conduct such short courses. However, I would like to suggest that you follow the subject content of the University Under graduate on LLB to the core and allow potential student a glimpse of what is to expect and also give them a boost should they have completed the short course they may be encouraged to go sign up for the full UG LLB course.
I found this course very useful and knowledgeable. It helps me to understand the English common law and related concepts. Teachers are very good and helps to understand the concepts in better way. So, i am graceful to University of London and Coursera for providing me this opportunity of learning .
Excellent course. I recommend it to all law professionals. The course has two excellent teachers who provide all the support the student needs. The material available is abundant. Therefore, the student is not helpless when taking the learning tests.
A comprehensive introduction to English Law. The lecturers outline things in a very clear manner and the readings cover the topic well. The quizzes are quite demanding. It is a very enjoyable course.
This was a fantastic course which helped me learn about the basics behind English Common Law. I thoroughly recommend this to anyone and everyone intrested in learning about the law.
Excellent course, well taught. Got me so excited I enrolled into an LLB program at University of London, Class of '22. Looking forward to learning more.
The course is very interesting, not easy, but not very complicated. You may find many interesting links to very useful information that you may need in future, in your work. I studied English law earlier at the university (also some introduction) and now I am pleased to "rethink" it. I got a good overview on the most important points of English law system. After these "basics" it will be much easier to study any special common law courses.
Fantastic introduction to English Common Law. Covers the factors that are most important to English law in an appropriate level of detail that leaves you confident in your understanding of the English Common Law. The ability to discuss and compare your ideas with others on the course is a fantastic element that forces you to evaluate your ideas whilst also allowing you to consider the strengths and weaknesses of the legal system.
It is a wonderful course! From a technical point it is very well-structured, you can easily navigate through the course material, highlighting and noting down valuable information. In regards to the content I enjoyed it too as it provided a good depth to the main topic and an additional amount of sources to enrich one's understanding of what is learned in each module. Thank you, Coursera and lovely instructors!
This is an excellent course for many prospective law students, like myself, which provides a good outline of the English common law system. I sometimes found some questions form the end of week quizzes a bit too absurd, but that's a minor issue. I hope the University of London can provide more introductory courses like this in other law subjects like Tort Law, Contract Law, or perhaps Jurisprudence.
Concise, well-structured introduction, presented clearly. Enriched with reference resources and up to date topics, like EU and Human Rights' impact. Practical tips on how to read cases and pointers to sources for legal research. Peer graded assignment was engaging to complete; challenged thinking and reasoning. Thank you University of London lecturers and Coursera for this gem of a course.
I utilized this course to gain an understanding of English Common Law which is part of the Day 1 Outcome for the QLTS Exam ( Solicitor of E&W), that I have embarked upon. Thanks so much to University of London for the excellent course content and for Dr Eloise Ellis and Ms.Charlotte Crilly for the superb articulation and for inciting the interest in me. Thanks so much !
It was rewarding indeed. Such a good course. I have  never studied at University here in Brazil, about the common law, and here I could see all its framework , how it works, what are the issues they have come across in a changeable modern society.
This was a very good course. I learnt a lot and also enjoyed doing it. Thanks so much to the University of London for the excellent course content and for Dr Eloise Ellis and Ms.Charlotte Crilly for the clear articulation and guidance.
Very well structured course that allows you to make an interesting first "dive" into English law.Strongly recommended for those interested in acquiring preliminary knowledge of English Common Law.
what an amazing experience, to have been able to be taught by the best in the field! this is highly recommended for anyone seeking a degree in Law in the foreseeable future!
Great. Thanks a lot
A very well structured course with lots of interesting reading materials and activities for the course members throughout the Course.  This was my first online course and I find that there are numerous additional skills that I have learnt which was not expected when I first enrolled in the course. IT skills , patience , commitment and independent learning are  a few of the skills that I have learnt. I have also learnt to appreciate and benefit from the contributions made by other course members throughout the course.  This is extremely essential when you are studying alone  in an online environment.  I wish them well in their future studies.  Last and most importantly, I wish to take this opportunity to convey my deepest appreciation to the  two Course Coordinators.  Excellent instructional design and a job well done.
The course helps me a lot to understand the system of English common law. The classes each week are separated into several modules and tasks, which make it easier to consist in compared to a long video clip for hours. I am really glad that Coursera offers courses with such amazing quality. The lessons from the University of London are inspiring. I highly recommend anyone who is interested in the judicial system take the course. Last but not least, I will keep studying on Coursera and I truly hope that a platform that shares knowledge with the general public should be well maintained!
Without any prior experience of law, this was a great introductory course. It covered a lot of key principles within law that were easy
to understand and is great if you’d like a broad overview of English Common Law.
The course provides debates around modern legal issues and the final assignment encouraged you to be creative, so I found
it quite fun. Although some weeks were more content-heavy than others, this was
overall an enjoyable course and I would recommend it to anyone thinking about
studying English Common Law or who would like to gain a better insight into it.
The course is well-structured and composed. I was able to gain valuable foundation of the English common law, since my legal background is in civil law jurisdiction. Material is more designed to self-study and delivered clearly and simple. At the beginning was reluctant and thought wasting of time on the tasks like sharing thoughts or discussing some issues, however later I realized it is the most influential part of the task that helps you to develop you critical thinking. I truly appreciate the dedication and hard work of the course creators!!
Having no knowledge of anything law related before starting this course, it has now confirmed to me that Law is the career I want to pursue- the range of activities per topic ensures that you understand every aspect, and anything you are unsure about can be discussed in the forum with professionals and also the other students completing the course at the same time as you.I would recommend to anyone at any level of Law- a very interesting and fulfilling course- 10/10!!!
A thoroughly enjoyable course with a range of interesting and engaging activities including videos and texts. The discussion forums that occurred throughout were also stimulating and allowed myself and others to express opinions and ideas as well as see from the perspective of others. I would highly recommend this course to anyone interested in law and wanting to gain a fundamental understanding of the English Legal System and its key principles.
What I appreciated the most about the course was the frequent check ins/ polls and end of lecture mini tasks that cemented your learning got you thinking independently and formulating arguments about the information. It makes you actually engage with the content and I believe was the reason for my completion/good grade. It was my first foray into a law based course and since then have been accepted onto a college criminal law specialisation.
This course gives a fantastic introduction to English Common Law. As a newbie myself who is yet to graduate the IB, this course has nicely set me up to follow a passion related to law in the UK. Looking into modern real-life cases, historical examples, and the overall development of English Common Law since the ratification of the Magna Carta in the 13th century has only given me the urge to look into English Common Law more.
Indeed a unique experience. I thank the concerned team of Coursera to have allowed my financial aid application which enabled me to get an insight into the English legal system. As I aspire to become a solicitor at some point of my life, this course has helped me to identify some of those areas where I should lay more emphasis.Thanks
This course is very interesting for all of us. So, I am a Rohingya student. This Coursera program is very helpful for all of them, who have lost right, also I have lost our right from Myanmar. So there are not allowing to discriminition with anyone. I am proud to be Coursera see.ThanksSyedul MostafaFrom Rohingya Communities.
A very comprehensive review of English Common Law. The basics, such as common law concepts themselves, were covered in sufficient detail. More complicated topics such as the legal system in the UK were also covered in detail and surprisingly, made easy to understand.This is a very well-made course and deserves all 5 stars!
The course is very complete, in the sense that it teaches what is due (sources of law, judicial organization, etc). If you read all the recommended material and study the videos very well, it is sure to be a solid base for those who are just starting out. He emphasized clarity. Maybe last week I would divide it in two.
"Introduction to English Common Law" was the first ever course undertaken by me on this platform. I am pleased to say that the course has been vastly enriching and has imparted skills such as analysis and knowledge application. Very grateful to the course designers for having designed this course.
Content is well up to
date. Most of the Information is presented in lucid manner. A
capsule course on English Legal System, which is extremely benefiting. My most sincere thanks to Ms. Charlotte Crilly and Dr. Eloise
Ellis from the University of London and  Coursera
team for their initiative.
Very good, qualified, teachers and excellent content for an introduction to English Common Law. Tests and proposed activities are helpful tools for our correct understanding of the subjects. I would recommend the course to any person interested in this important area of the legal profession.
I've found this course very well-designed and stimulating. Teachers are amazing and their approach encouraged me to complete the MOOC on time. It gave me an introductory knowledge and understanding of English Common Law, which helped me explore a new career in Legal Translation. Thanks!
Highly recommended for anyone seeking a degree in Law in the foreseeable future! This course is a well designed one. It provides us a good comprehensive guide on the legal practice in England. I'm grateful to the designers of the course and 2 lecturers for presenting us this.
Fantastic introduction to English Common Law. Final module probably required stronger link and explanation to ECL rather than focusing on the supranational nature of EU itself. Was, however, more interesting as module linked to European law, Human Rights and the ECL.
I really like that there a variety of different mediums at play: videos, readings and discussions, that get the student to engage. By providing optional materials, you also encourage us to go down the rabbit holes and learn more about our legal interests. Well done.
Outstandingly engaging lectures that are very helpful in building knowledge and understanding about English common law including Magna Carta, the court hierarchy, the doctrine of the case law, European Union, Human Rights 1998 Act and the British Bill of Rights.
I took this MOOC as a taster before applying to the LLB from UOL. This is a great introduction to law but I believe supplementary textbooks give a better idea of what law in academia requires and I definitely recommend it to people aiming for a career in law.
It was a comprehensive leaning experience to know and learn about the ins and outs of the English common law system. The course was well structured for a beginner or a even a non law student to understand the works of the English common law system.
The course layout is good and the quiz and assignment makes us appreciate more of the content and subject.  Inspire a level of maturity and understanding into our thoughts and opinions helps to understand the standards and quality of the course.
I am satisfied with my decision to take this course. It was very professionally delivered, well thought out, and maintained the students' best interest.Excellent delivery! I am more informed and have gotten my money's worth.Thank you!
The Couse syllabi are very knowledgeable for general students for learning English Legal system and about the super-national organization, European Union, the purposes for creation and control for the people of the European Union.
Excellent! Dynamic and structured course. It definitely has given me a solid foundation in understanding the English legal system. Thank you to all the creators and to Coursera for making the course available for free!
I have enjoyed this course. The modules are very well organised keeping the balance between the principal concepts, required information and extra material for further knowledge. I wish there was aPart II!
A really solid set of videos and resources covering some very interesting topics in clear and concise ways. A great introduction to both the common law system of the UK and the UK constitutional framework.
Very strong course with excellent structure, organisation of material
and system of check of knowledge. It gives very useful key information and
stimulates self-training. It inspires to further challenges.
I´m grateful for learning in this course. Everything on this course is helping me with the completion on my doctoral thesis. And today, I have a better vision of Common Law and much to write about it.
If you want to know something useful about English common law, this course will be perfect for you! Teachers are adorable, the material is understandable and interesting. This course id worth learning
That course is really nice, i have got background in "english common law" from University, however i found new interesting information and court practice. I have enjoyed learning in this course.
It was very nice to learn about a different system, I just knew de civil law and now I know the common law too and the course made me to have a will to learn more about this.
Really enjoyed the course! I am to start studying for my law degree next September and this course gave me a starter which was really interesting. Keep up the good work!
I loved studying in this course and would like to thank Professors Charlotte Crilly and Eloise Ellis and Uni of London for such an informative and wonderful course.
The Course was very important to me since enabled me to understand much better the English Common Law.The presentations were properly prepared and nicely delivered.
The course was great and very interesting. I learned a lot about English law and I believe that it will functional this course for the rest of my life and career.
A very well structured course. I was eagerly looking for a course on the basics of English Legal System for non-lawyers and this course exceeded my expectations.
Well structured course, the content is extremelly interesting, thank you this opportunity to know the basis of English common law and look forward another one!
I have learned fundamental elements and aspects of English law: the common law and the function of its institutions. I am really pleased with this experience.
Fantastic course! It was my first course in this platform and it was a great introduction. I look forward to doing more courses from the University of London.
Excellent course, quite well structured; supplementary reading quite appropriate and not so extensive.

I look forward to learning about English common law.
Very helpful course, would advise for beginners to law. Useful skills are taught, such as how to read cases, and very helpful examples are provided.
It was a great experience learning about English Common Law with Coursera! It gave the basics to continue my education with other related courses!
Provides insight of the English Common Law System with interesting materials and knowledge is continuously enhanced through discussion forums.
Very fun and interesting, as a person living in a country ruled by the Roman law it was so nice to see how other country's legal system works
A brilliant course for learning the fundamentals of English Common Law.  A very thorough explanation to the various approaches and systems.
Great course! Love the format of the didactics and assessments. Really provides an excellent basic knowledge of the English Legal System!
I have to say the method of teaching was outstanding. Anyone could easily understand and also it was very interesting. Thank you so much.
Amazing course!Little complex for a 14 year old but still. I am looking to apply at oxford for law so this would help me a lot thanks!
Great introductory course with in-depth structure. It flows easily and the mix of videos and reading made the course easier to digest.
incredible course, incredible teachers and incredible material, great experience, I will not say anything else to not give spoilers.
Gives a very nice brief overview of the English legal system without going too deep and complicated. I'm glad I took this course!
Excellent course. Good introduction to English law and I believe that it will help me in my LLB program that is starting tomorrow
This course has been really interesting, well structured and it has definitely inspired me to further study Law later in my life.
I have really enjoyed doing this course as I have learnt so much, while receiving the information in a clear and simple format.
This course gave me a good insight into English Common Law and I would love to pursue the same in the years to come. Thank you!
A very interesting course that is great for beginners looking to learn about the English Common Law. I really recommend it.
Introduction to English Common Law is the most detailed and interesting course that gave me a lot of necessary knowledge
Excellente introduction to de English common law system , im learning the consuetidinary system in English judicy law
Fantastic course! It's a perfect introduction for anyone wanting to gain more knowledge on the English Legal System.
Very instructive. It fulfilled what was promised, giving the student an overview of the English common law system.
It was truly a very informative course on the English Legal System and provided me with an in-depth study on it.
I am fallen in love with Coursera as it so rich in knowledge that i have learned a lot from it. Thank u Coursera
The course was a great introduction covering many aspects of the law while providing engaging discussion topics.
I really enjoyed this course and learnt a lot, which I hope will help me when I start a law degree in October.
very well-drafted course with great instructors. I learned about all the basics of English common law. thanks
Really thankful to Coursera. For creating such course. Now I have learnt many things about English Common law
Very good course, specially for people that work with legal translation like me. Congratulations to the team!
I really loved the course. The history and principles of the English Common Law legal system are well taught.
I really enjoy to study about English Law, and I am looking foward to the next course about law. Thank you
An excellent course! I recommend that every lawyer take it, regardless of specialization and jurisdiction.
The course was really interesting. The additional materials with the course were informative and helpful.
A very useful introduction into English Common Law, I plan on doing some further studying of the subject.
The course illustrates the concept with relevant samples. Thanks for creating this online course for us!!
I have found the course very useful. I hope there is a part 2 etc for deeper knowledge and certification.
Excellent understanding will surely be developed on English Legal system after this course completion.
I absolutley enjoyed this course, the teaching was so simple to understand, i gained alot. Thank you!
I highly recommend this course. It was easy to manage , well planned useful  and interesting content.
A very enjoyable course that has taught me the key information I was seeking regarding common law.
Very helpful. It is very interesting to express and review different point of views on the forum.
a good introduction to common law, it explains many basic concept for a good start into the topic
One question wasn't correct anymore. Head of the european comission is now Ursula von der Leyen.
Great learning experience. The elementary nature of the course makes it all the more attractive.
Gorgeous course. Thanks a lot to each professors.They were brilliant. Now I feel myself smarter
I truly enjoy learning. I have learned a lot and the experience was great. Thank you very much.
This was a really fantastic course and it has certainly inspired me to pursue further study.
Amazing course with a brilliant range of resources and activities to keep learners engaged!!
It's a very dynamic course, they really make you investigate and learn. I recommend it.
Great experience overall, the workload is easy to manage and it is a good introduction.
Thoroughly enjoyable also able to apply some of the aspects from the practical sense.
I found the course very interesting and rewrding though there were some broken links.
Very interesting and well-structured course, lessons structured in achievable chunks.
Excellent lectures and course materials. Tons of thanks to both lecturers/professors.
Tremendously outstanding Course with perfectly complete Syllabuse and best faculty.
Great course and very informative of the basic foundations of English common law.
Very interesting course. It provides a deep introduction to English Common law.
Nicely structured course. Have got basic ideas about the English legal system.
Interesting introductory course and prep for Diploma in Law or LL.B. (Honors).
It is very use full course to understand what is a legal system, how is work,
Amazing course and i had fun learning all about the legal system in england
Gave me a good insight into the law and made me want to study law further.
Excellent introductory course on law in general. I have really enjoyed it.
The best way to understand the complex of UK legal system. I have enjoyed
This course is excellent for people that want to achieve a great future!
you can understand  the common law easily with these learning materials
Really informative and interactive. A great introduction to the basics!
Coursera gave me a great platform to learn about English legal system
Very nice course, I would have appreciated more video material though
Excellent course. Well presented, informative and easy to understand.
It helped me learn alot of new things relating to English Common Law
Excellent introduction into the development of English Common Law.
Excellent course - the work is inspiring and not too complicated!
It was a great experience. Insight about the English common law.
Informative and interesting introduction to English Common Law.
Good course with extensive information and interesting lectures
OMG I just loved the way of learning .! Thank You Coursera..!!
A good insight into one of the most influential legal systems.
totally enjoyed, quickly understood the terminology, pleased.
Impressive and detailed course that I would highly recommend!
It gives you complete knowledge about english legal system.
Great learning and best for law students for pursuing.
It was really nice to learn about English Legal System
Great Review of the Origins of the English Common Law
Excellent course delivery to the English legal system
A complete and interesting course.Superb Teachers
Direct and assertive. Exactly as everyone needs.
Great course! A must for anyone considering law.
I really liked this course ! very enlightening
Very enlightening, teachers have good oratory.
Excellent and insightful. So glad I enrolled!
A lot of new information in an enjoyable way!
Nicely paced, fascinating course. Thank you!
Great course, easy learn and understanding.
Great course, a must for every Law Student
An interesting, and well designed, course.
It was a very good and interesting course!
This course is very good and beneficial.
Excellant course, love the interactivity
very good content but should be updated.
Excellent course I highly recommend this
Interesting course, I love the structure
Great course taught by great teachers.
Thank you very much.Excelent course.
Amazing course! I've learned a lot
Amazing course, highly recommend!
Excellent overview of common law.
Lovely course and well explained
Amazing Journey!My first course
Thoroughly enjoyed this course!
Very good, super recommended.
EXCELLENT COURSE. THANKS!
I will simply say Best
was a great experience
Extremely good program
Very interesting 👌
was interesting
