I find the technique impossible to attract me. I have not continuing doing the course because I find it super boring.
I'm in the middle of this course, and I have found so many difficulties in the second week. The issue is that there are lots of un-undertandable parts. Please, make the task easier or the explanations clearer.
Not very well put together.  It marked some answers as wrong that were actually correct.
It is too confusing
Too much theory, it would be great if you provide more practical execises
I really appreciate the information presented in this course. Very thorough. However it did become quite monotonous. All in all, good quality information provided to be able to help students.
Interesting and useful to a degree, but I was looking for something a little more challenging. In addition, the quizzes were far too easy.
1.Too much theory 2. Not enough examples 3. Outdated video formats.
I help support children with special needs. I enjoyed this course and even made some notes in case I am to support a child with difficulties with reading and writing in my work .I just wish they covered more of reading and writing learning disability conditions in depth not just Dyslexia.I was diagnosed with Dyspraxia as a child, I struggled with maths, my left and right and writing and I drive a car and help other children with conditions
Great introduction for literacy teachers or those working with struggling students. Not as helpful for American educators who attended university between 2000-present, as the information presented is part of the required coursework for elementary school teachers.
I have many new techniques to try in the classroom for students that may struggle with reading.
To
I deeply enjoyed the lectures, resources, videos, and links. Jenny and Vincent are absolutely knowledgeable and the sweetest instructors. I felt well accompanied along the course while also learning so much. I would like to know (I will navigate more in depth) if there are other courses/certificates/degrees that may cover even more on the subjects of educational psychology to support children and adults. The only frustration I felt was the way some questions are presented in the tests. I felt that some questions are not necessarily helpful to assess one acquired knowledge; more specifically those questions where one has to write a word (noun, verb, otherwise, in lower or capital letters, etc). The written assignments were very helpful and an important learning tool; nothing better than working directly with typical/atypical developing children. I am deeply thankful for this course. Thank you.
Overall I greatly enjoyed the content of the course and got a lot out of the videos, readings and resources included. I did feel that the final exam did not feature enough questions pertaining to the main focus of the course including signs of dyslexia, strategies to assist students with dyslexia and terminology. Also the two assessment tasks did not have a clear marking criteria so in both cases we were required to include specific terminology or a specific element of the course content that we were never explicitly told to use in the assessment and thus students marks suffered for not including these specifics. Thank you overall for a very engaging course. I truly feel that I am now ready to apply the strategies learnt in this course in the classroom to the benefit of my students.
Hi! This is Rosehera Furtado. I take this opportunity to thank the Coursera community for making me part of your Institution. It was my first online course and I found it very helpful, a good learning experience. Being a religious nun (Sr. Rosehera Furtado A.C.), I wanted to do this course primarily because the main focus of our Congregation is Education. So by doing this course, I feel that it will be very much effective in my ministry. Also I want to thank all my classmates for their kind support especially in assessing my assignments. God bless you all!
Excellent course! I learnt lots of practical tips for implementation with children while gaining a better theoretical understanding of dyslexia. It would be ideal if the instructors can provide more guidance on using the intervention materials and have three weeks of lessons on teaching approaches instead of two. Overall, the workload can be rather heavy at times too, so it may be beneficial to have videos and assessments spread evenly across the course duration as far as possible.
A very very helpful course that gives practical solutions in a classroom and school-wide setting. It was structured well and easy to follow. If I had one comment, it would be that some of the quizzes did not line up with the course so well (you had to study ahead to answer questions). Other than this, really worth the amount of time spent studying!
I like the way it is organized, I had really learned about dyslexic children characteristics and how to help them. I liked the assignments. The thing I would have change will be the quizzes, which I believe they evaluate more memory than really understanding
I love how the course provides us with teaching demonstrations and interviews with SEN teacher aside from lecture :) And I have learnt many practical ways in teaching children with dyslexia after this course.
I did this course as a parent of a dyslexic child. I thought it was brilliant and I made pages and pages of notes. It is well organised, engaging, and informative. I really liked the two presenters as well. They both seemed passionate about the topic and modeled good teaching in their explanations and advice. That said, I thought the assessment part of the course simply didn't work. It was far too narrow for anyone besides primary teachers and therefore excluded those who might be doing the course for other reasons. It doesn't matter to me, I don't need the certificate and I got a lot out of the course but for others it would be frustrating, I imagine. The quizzes too, for the most part, were a disaster. They were poorly written, confusing, and dishearteningly obscure. Otherwise, I loved this course and hope you will offer a follow up soon.
It was very helpful to take this course as it gave me an insight to understand and look closely at the indications which will guide me in the future to deal with children who are normally labelled as 'slow', 'not focused', 'has lack of concentration' etc. The course gives a detailed understanding towards the psychological aspects and directs teachers to engage and encourage such children. I sure feel more equipped to handle such scenarios in the future. Would appreciate if more videos of real classroom training can be added! All the best!
I've done a few Coursera certificates, so I have a comparison. It is true that the lectures are monotonous and not enhances by many slides, and more hands-on activities would be welcome, but no one can deny that the content is thoroughly developed and you are getting the value worth your money. The course is informative and resources that you are getting, such as PDF files will be useful in your practice. So in context of what you take away was pretty satisfying to me.
The peer assignments are quite a scam. All that I have to review are either not completed, not filled or just plainly uploaded to submit for the sake of it. If review and grade can be graded by professionals, it would make this course more credible. Right now, I doubt the credibility of the certs that can be issued from here. Other than that, the course materials and quizzes were very substantial
An OK course.I felt that the material could have been presented in a less dry and more interesting manner. One of the professor's English was hard to understand and at times not so clear.I did like that one can follow along as the professors presented and that one can download transcripts of what they said.The information on technology interventions for dyslexia was interesting and informative.
I found this course insightful. I have completed all quizzes and worked through all the modules. Unfortunately, I have to extend my assignment from week 3, I am unable to observe a child as South Africa is in lockdown at the moment due to coronavirus. I look forward to completing this course and getting my certificate in the end.
I am so grateful for the opportunity to complete this course. The content was so clearly explained and easy to implement from day 1. Thank you so much to the presenters for sharing their wealth of knowledge. This is going to make a significant difference in the classrooms I step into and change the lives of many children.
The course content is excellent. I learned a lot. However, I found the marking for the peer reviews to be poor. It was very easy for people not to make much effort and to pass. This was disappointing as someone who really made the most of the course and put a lot of effort into it.
A wonderful course, i found it hard to understand the French teachers accent and he often made mistakes which i found little unusual in an educational lecture.  The content is great , the female lecturer explains things in a great way, understandable and interesting.
I really enjoyed the course, it was very informative and interesting.The videos were good and it was helpful to have the lectures in writing to read as well.The extra reading resources were also very interesting.Some of the quizzes were very challenging!
This course had a lot of info that was useful but the videos were very long and boring. Maybe more visuals or different speakers would be a little more interesting. I also did not like the short answers for quizzes. Made the quizzes very difficult.
I learned a lot about dyslexia and other learning difficulties. The quizzes focused on specific information that often felt way too specific. Overall, it was a great addition to support my role as an elementary school teacher!
it was a challenging course it has a lot to be covered it has a lot of information that can help us as  educator to improve our teaching skills and how to improve our one to one when we work with SEN(DYSLEXIA ) in learning .
Beneficial to read about and view videos demonstrating techniques to use with dyslexic children. Would appreciate additional information supporting struggling students who are older, beyond elementary school.
This course was extremely informative and packed with valuable information , However, I personally found the videos to be very dull and instead opted to read the texts below each video instead.
This is a very nice overview of the research behind dyslexia. I would have liked additional teaching suggestions, rather than having the class be primarily about research and screening.
Easy to follow, clear resources with scientific approaches to teaching. I particularly liked Vincent's approaches to actual intervention with examples of in classroom teaching.
I don't think that some questions are relevant to the week. There could be more questions added to review more material of the course. However, I really did enjoy the course.
A very important course, delivered generously and with a lot of care. It's not the best organized course I've taken, but it is worth all the work to get to the end of it.
lots of useful info and references to helpful websites.  information/strategies to help guide and teach you how to adapt your teaching to accommodate all learners
Absolutely it is a vital course for teachers like me. This course is very important because it helps teachers to recognise  some of their students  with dyslexia
Very insightful and encouraging. Content was very elaborate and additonal tips and resources were provided which are very useful for future reference
This course provided some very useful and practical advice from the cutting edge of dyslexia research which I will definitely be applying in my job.
This course has been really helpful in forming my views in many arena especially dyslexia of course.a Big Thank You for reforming my views.
This course gave me a great insight into how the mind of my dyslexic son works and good hints to help him succeed in the classroom.
Really interesting. The quizzes are quite good too. Maybe more interactive lectures would have been good, overall, great course.
Good course, enjoyed it. In my opinion, it would be improved by a video specifically on all sounding our phonic sounds properly.
The course is very interesting and informative. I have really learnt a lot! The tests need to be more thorough and profound.
helpful but it doesn't give us the authority to determine which children are dyslexic and which are not.
A comprehensive and well set out course. I enjoyed it and found the information valuable!
Some tasks are not adapted for users of other languages. Everything else is excellent.
Very informative and helpful course to undertake. Thank you
Thank you for a thorough and clinically relevant course.
I loved the course! It opened my mind to many things.
Provide more specific instructions for assignments
This course provides a good overview of the topic.
I think it should be more practice-oriented.
Very good content and strategies!
it is a very informative course
very enlightening course
It's interesting,,,
Super informative
I tho
An amazing course, with amazing content and ideas! One day when I am principal of a huge school, every teacher I employ will be guided through this course! So useful and amazing! Thanks again!
A very comprehensive course that explained the fundamentals of dyslexia, learning, reading, and writing in youth. It built on itself week by week. Work load was fairly light and easy to review.
Excellent course that really guides the learner through the complexities of reading and writing. Highly recommended for anybody supporting children who are struggling with reading and writing.
This course is full of well-presented research, clear lectures, and excellent resources for teachers. I signed up to this course after privately tutoring an older student with suspected dyslexia and feeling frustrated about how best to support him. Even though my MA covered aspects of dyslexia and support, I felt that it was probably out of date given the amount of research that's been published since I graduated. The course has been incredibly helpful with as a refresher and a more in-depth look at the causes and therefore ways of supporting students with reading (and writing) difficulties. I particularly appreciated the focus on bilingualism as this reflects my school population. I highly recommend it to other teachers, Das, and people working with struggling readers.
In this very challenging times of pandemic, we need to channel our minds to things that can help not only ourselves but other people too. While I was doing a little advocacy of my own to teach kids with reading difficulties for free, I just randomly search for a free course to guide me through. In the beginning I thought of just taking the course without the certificate and just browse on the pages. Each lesson felt like  an enlightenment and not a requirement. I was inspired by the knowledge and efforts of all the contributors in this course that I decided to take the route to getting the certificate instead. Thank you Coursera. I was led to the best online course I've done so far in supporting children with difficulties in reading and writing.
Very good course, I've learned a lot about Dislexia and learning disabilities but also I've learned to teach better
I found this course to be extremely informative, filled with the latest research findings and recommendations to assist those working with dyslexic learners to improve reading comprehension and writing. I have a better understanding of dyslexia, exspecially the psychological and neurological aspects. I have learned how the English language has evolved (opaque) and the challenges this presents to those with dyslexia. This course if filled with suggestions on how to make a learning environment more inclusive for those with dyslexia, incorporating multisensory teaching methods and explanations of the different learning styles, including planning to adjust to working memory capacity of learner. I highly recommend this course- don't miss it!
This course gave me some further insights into how children with difficulties in reading and writing think and the processes they go through, along with some further methods to help them achieve.
I have gained a wealth of information and knowledge that is directly applicable with children with difficulties in reading and writing. The videos were very relevant and the resources valuable.
Is it an excellent introductory course into learning difficulties and dyslexia universe. The two teachers are amazing and the course in general very well structured. While you move on through the lectures and weeks it gives you the feeling you are actually developing knowledge about dyslexia and learning difficulties. What i like the most about the course is that even though relates to a specific students (who struggles with writing and reading) many of the lectures are also focus on all students which I think is very helpful to applyin the class. This course should be mandatory for all teachers. Finally, is the first step if your plans are to continue with further studies related to this area.
I am a tutor working with special children,  I find it easy when i adapt with the child in his way always reminding him that he is  capable of doing things, not fast and rashly, but slow and smartly.  i keep boosting them to read aloud sound the words and put them down I have found it easier to cope with their studies by translating in the medium they know best , repetitive reading,,  selecting key words and  putting them down in writing. I have learnt a lot from this course and yes the professors were awesome in their lectures. it has bettered my way of approach to assessing them.
This course has given me everything I need to get a basic understanding of dyslexia, and the direction to follow when I support children struggling with reading.  I like the combination of theory (the first week explaining the neurological process of learning a language), the techniques in assessing (not diagnosing) dyslexic risk factors and using technological aid, as well as the practical application in classrooms (observation of lessons). I'd highly recommend this course to any teachers who really have a passion to help those who appear to be falling behind in a classroom.
This course was comprehensive,  concise and informative. Each week's material helped to develop my understanding of what my current students are dealing with! Although I struggled at the start, Jenny and Vincent are great instructors and present their knowledge well. I also appreciated the support I got from the course mentors and all of the other course participants. Thank you so much for providing this course online - I feel confident in the skills I have learned, and now have the tools and technology to better equip my students as they move through their academic career.
I am very happy that I came across sucha a course. It has helped me sharpen my skills as a school counsellor, especially while dealing with children who have reading and writing difficulties. Dr Jenny Thompson and Dr, Vincent Goetry have given a good insight into the world of children sho have reading and writing difficulties. I would like to take this opportuity to thank both Dr JennyThompson ans Dr Vincent Goetry. I also want to thank Coursera for providing a platform where people from across the globe come togther and add skills to their already existing skill sets.
Excellent course for beginners and specialists alike. I have worked with students with learning difficulties for over 8 years and still found the information presented in this course to be up to date, practical and very informative. The tutors, Vincent and Jenny, are extremely prepared and knowledgeable. They make the information easily accessible and relevant for those who work with students with difficulties. The course staff is quick to respond to any queries. I highly recommend the course for anyone interested in specialist work or supporting students.
The course was very informative and enlightening, providing a comprehensive initial understanding of what dyslexia is, how it can be informally assessed and which ways a teacher can help their student(s). Completing this course has given me confidence that, as an EFL teacher, I am better informed as to how to detect and assist my students more effectively with any difficulties they may have in reading and writing. I highly recommend this course to any and all fellow teachers, no matter their domain.
This course was incredibly interesting. I LOVE that it explain how we learn to read and built my understanding on a great foundation of how and why before jumping forward to how we support learners. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and I would recommend it to anyone. As an FSL teacher, I will be able to build a solid program for my students and apply a lot of what I learned in this course, because of my understanding of how language is acquired and learned. Thank you!!!
I loved this course! I feel completely capable of helping children and even adults with severe reading (and writing) difficulties! There is plenty of material, pleasant video lectures, respectful staff... and I had help through foruns, where I could exchange experiences with colleagues. And it´s important to say that tests are not so easy as someone would think of an online course! Congratulations to the professors and to the platform!
I definitely loved this course. It is the most informative course I have ever attended. Great ideas, hard work, difficult assignments;) .. everything was taken so serious and to be honest I sometimes felt bein nervous of not being able to pass it so easily. I love the way both lecturers provide the informative lectures. It has greatly influenced my daily practice whhile working with children at risk of Dyslexia. Wish you the bests.
As I come to an end of the course there are strategies, terms, definitions and meanings  I learnt that were very useful and thought provoking . informative references and materials that was supported throughout the course . A well balanced course with ample of information for reading and writing difficulties and related to dyslexia. Even as an educator working in the field I found so much of new information . Recommended highly !
Aspects of teaching students with reading and writing difficulties that I knew 'instinctively' were made explicit in this course. It brought my previous knowledge together with concrete research. I am genuinely very excited to return to the classroom and develop my teaching practice and investigate some of my student's difficulties, hopefully making their educational experience more positive and successful for them. Thank you.
This was one of my first online courses. I admit that I was little nervous at first when faced with Peer Reviews, Uploading documents, and facing deadlines, but I found it all to be quite beginner friendly! I was also happy to realize that many of the suggested methods of teaching were already being used by teachers in the school where I work. Second Semester begins on Tuesday, I am ready to 'hit the ground running'!
I want to first off say this course was very eye opening to me especially since it's now becoming more prominent in younger children. Learning what I have from this course, I will move forward and use the tools that I have acquired to better educate, accommodate, and use the knowledge to help other colleagues. Thank you to the University of London and the staff for providing this course for us educators.
It was a wonderful experience to learn this course in a well systematic way.I am thankful to all who have taken efforts to make this course efficient enough to the learner.Last but not least to the peer groups , without them the active forum would have not been effective .I would once again like to thanks the course providers and team for their well planned and structured content.Thanks !!!!!!!!!!
I really enjoyed this course and felt like I learnt a lot. It made the aspects concerning dyslexia and other learning difficulties clearer for me. It also provided me with good ideas on how to support these children in the classroom. The course was user friendly, well laid out and easy to follow. All the videos were highly beneficial. Thank you to the organisers for all your efforts.
This course was very helpful to me as a teacher. I can identify a child with dyslexia and help him\her in reading and writing. I am also very grateful to Vincent and Jenny (our facilitators) for motivating  the participants for their active involvement.  I want to know the way to get the certificate for the course done. Your help on the above will be highly appreciated.RegardsMuskan
very helpful and informative course. Thank you to the whole team for preparing such good material and sharing their  experience and knowledge. every little bit helps to help a child who needs it. I just had some trouble with the quiz, my cursor would move and change the answer i gave. though i managed to understand that and correct my mistakes. thanks again. RegardsSahiba Sikand
I have learned a lot through all the lectures, videos and books suggested. Thankful to Coursera and to UCL for facilitating this much needed course for teachers and parents out there trying to improve the way they help children and adults with dyslexia. Special thanks to Dr. Goetry and Thomson for their dedication and all the mentors for being there to clarify our doubts.
Thank you. This course was very thorough and it gave me further insight into how children with reading and writing difficulties brain processes information to make the connections. Plus it gives great information of what an educator can do to provide strategies and methods to help the student achieve to the best of their ability. Very good lecture videos and research.
This is an excellent course for teachers who want to better understand and support children with reading difficulties. The content of the course encompasses all of the main aspects of concern and the references to the research provides a springboard to further study in this area. Many thanks to Jenny and Vincent for making this course informative and interesting.
Thanks to this Course sponsor, They teach me a lot in this amazing course , they teach me What are the difficulties of reading and writing?, How do I identify children with reading and writing difficulties?, How can I teach  all subjects for this children?, How can I help these children overcome their difficulties in reading and writing? .Thanks a lot for them
A great class for both professionals and for parents. I was able to add to my knowledge of challenges some children face in learning how to read. I had first hand experience as the mother of a child with reading challenges, but this class added to my understanding and gave me practical tools I can use with the children I tutor in reading. Well worth the time.
This course gave me much more information than what I have expected, I really thank Dr. Vincent and Jenny for giving right  guidelines. You guys are doing great job.My only request is that, now the technology is changing rapidly so coming out more specifically on it and how to train Dyslexics will be really helpful for teachers like us.....Regards,Neethu.
What a great experience taking this course! I really enjoyed learning more about how I can support students in the classroom with learning disabilities. This directly applies to my profession as a Special Education Teacher. I am excited to put this knowledge into practice and test some of the specific strategies I learned in the course with my students.
This course has helped me to identify key strategies to help students of all ages become aware of their learning. Teaching and learning have to be deliberate courses of action & not all students learn alike. Taking the necessary time to help students with phonics earlier in their academics paves the way for a lifetime of learning rather than correction.
I've thoroughly enjoyed studying this course. The content was informative and well-organised and well-presented. and very relevant to my field as an Academic Support Teacher in an English Curriculum International School. I will recommend this to colleagues and others teaching and supporting children who may have difficulties in reading and writing.
Really interesting and useful course. It has improved my psychological and pedagogical knowledges. The cousre was well structured, systematic and practical. Course contains many profitable links to  websites and video lessons concirning cousre topics. Great appreciation to our tutors Vincent and Jenny for sharing their experience about dislexia.
i really learnt a lot from the course. Thank you I have learnt  a lot in the 6 week course. it will really help me out in my line of duty I'm looking forward to  another course . and I would also want to obtain a certificate  on my already completed course.A lot of thanks to Dr.Jenny and Dr. Vincent and to coursera at large.Regards,Susan Kirui
In a very clear explanation, this course gave me the information I needed to work with struggling readers, but also gave a landscape of the importance of multisensory teaching, many strategies to work with and many information that can be consulted at any time, as well as computer aids for reading, writing, comprehension and metacognition.
Think the course is very good for online learning and is self-paced which is great. Content is great to help you understand how the brain is wired and works and how to help children of all ages with learning concerns. Found it very interesting and relevant for teachers to help students with dyslexia with helpful tips to help all students.
This course has been fantastic providing detailed information about current understandings of how dyslexic people learn and guidance in identifying indicators of dyslexia. It has given excellent resources and ideas for assisting dyslexic students and has greatly increased my confidence to be able to work successfully in this area.
As a teacher, I found this course to be most helpful.  Especially because as I got the to section on co-morbidities, one of my own students was diagnosed with Discalculia and had I not been doing this course I would have had a very limitdd understanding with which to guide the child's parents, as well as assist the child herself.
I have learnt a lot, very clear and up to date information that every person working with children with dyslexia sholud know. I have gained a lot of knoweldge, great examples and techinques. fI eel that I understand better everything related to dyslexia. Thanks for sharing all this information and to have it available worldwide.
A very useful course. I found it challenging, well presented and practical.  I have already begun to implement some of the ideas on the course with my students who have reading difficulties. A wealth of  information was provided. I will be going back over my notes and referring to the detailed  resources provided.Thanks
This course is wonderful. I have 3 kids with dyslexia. I am learning so much about characteristics, additional difficulties and strategies to support them.  I recommend this class to everyone. Make sure you have a notebook you will have a ton of notes.  Best Coursera course I have taken as far as information goes.
Absolutely wonderful overview of how to support poor readers or dyslexics.  Great for teachers and parents who want to learn the nuts and bolts of dyslexia in order to help their students/children read.  Especially loved the book on how the brain learns to read!  Easy to understand and tremendously interesting.
A thorough course that provides a comprehensive overview of the theory behind why some children struggle.  The course provides clear guidelines and examples of best practice for providing intervention that will support struggling students to develop the necessary skills to be able to read.  Highly recommended.
Instructions are very clear and precise. This course has given me a scientific approach  to understand the learning difficulties of children and  adults and also provided guidance, necessary links and useful technology .I am grateful for the course providers and instructors Jenny Thompson and Vincent Goetry.
As a dyslexic person taking this course, I must say it had a whole lot of information that I myself had never gotten even though I just finished college last summer with the stat support from my country. This course is amazing! And I can’t wait to get to use all the things I learned with myself and kids!
This course was extremely instructive. I'm currently studying to become a language arts teacher and I will most certainly take into account much of the information and advice provided. I think this course might be helpful to educators but also to parents and medical practitioners.I highly recommend it.
Great course! Much of it I could relate with strategies with students that aren't only children but also adults. The lessons cover much about an understanding background and research which is great and it evolves to real-life demonstrations and tips for us where we can continue within the hard work.
This course has helped me a lot to sort my teaching approach. I think this course should be done by all the teachers and not just those dealing with dyslexic children since it really gives you an immense understanding of how learning actually happens. Thank you so much for introducing this course!!
This course was great, I have learned a lot of content that will help to improve my skills and assist children. The instructors were good at teaching the content and I would like to encourage everyone who is willing to upgrade their skills to take this course as it is very helpful and enjoyable.
Wonderful course with grate practical and case study. Instructers are excellent in designing and delivering the course. I sincerely thank all the educationists who made this an excellent course. Also my gratitude to the University of London too. I also thank Coursera to make it available for me.
Excellent course with very insightful lectures and wonderful supporting materials! It has surely changed the way I look at learning difficulties and positively affected my teaching life, adding new and very important skills. Thank you all who have collaborated to provide such a helpful course.
Estoy haciendo un trabajo sobre la construcción del concepto de dificultades de aprendizaje y he conseguido información actualizada en este curso. Gracias.I'm doing some work on the construction of the concept of learning difficulties and have gotten updated information on this course. Thanks.
I am just halfway on this course but I'm already learning a lot of things. I am becoming more aware about all the factors and interventions that a child diagnosed with dyslexia needs.A big thanks to all the persons who enable this free online course. It is very helpful and convenient to study.
I highly recommend this course, especially for teachers. It gives an excellent overview of dyslexia and deepened my understanding of dyslexia. I have a lot of new ideas for use in the classroom that will make lessons more inclusive of dyslexic students but also benefit other students as well.
The course helped me understand the basics of dyslexia and at the same time trained me to help kids dyslexic kids. I am really glad I came across this wonderful course and I am thankful to jenny and vincent for their wonderful instructions. The best part is that I got a job as SEN teacher.
Thank you so much for  developing this course to help make me aware of how to support students who has difficulty in reading and writing. I feel that every teacher, especially elementary should be doing this course! I learnt SO much from watching the videos and all the various resources.
if people want to lean how to take care of kids with learning difficulties ..or hoe to identify...this is worth it...its the best course with examples and exams n it teaches u hoe u have to be with such kids in how delicately u have to treat them ...this is the best course thank you
I haven't quite completed this course yet (the end is in sight!) but I want to report how challenging and worthwhile it has been. I have had a lot of my  questions answered and I am inspired to read and review the content again as I am sure I will understand a lot more. Thank you.
This course was great as an introduction for dyslexia. There were also many great suggestions regarding how to support them and valuable resources mentioned. I hope to continue learning more about dyslexia and possibly becoming a specialist tutor soon after finishing this course.
I really enjoyed this course. Very informative and easy to follow. I feel much more confident in supporting children with reading and writing difficulties by being able to plan and conduct suitable activities, as well as detect some of the difficulties the child may be facing.
Helped me to gain in-depth knowledge about Dyslexia symptoms, brain processes, assessment details and the devastating impact it has on children's learning abilities. The intervention strategies and the practical lessons through videos- great support for teachers and educators!
This course was very enjoyable as well as challenging.  As a reading interventionist in the United States I was very curious to see what the UK, France and other countries recommended for working with struggling readers and those at-risk for dyslexia.  Thank you so much.
I have really enjoyed this course and have found it extremely useful in terms of my professional development. I have learnt such a lot in only 6 weeks and now feel much more confident and better equipped skill wise to support pupils with reading and writing difficulties.
The course is absolutely interesting and very informative .A special Thanks to Mr.Vincent and Ms Jenny for making this course an enriching one  .'Teaching the brain to read' is a very valuable resource. I would recommend this  course for every teacher.Thanks  Coursera .
Great balance of theory and suggestions for improving practice. Every teacher should undertake this course - what a huge difference it would make to the identification and understanding of pupils with Dyslexia (dyslexic traits), the progress they could make and their
This course was one of the most informative courses I have ever completed. It is obvious that the instructors have passion for what they do and are experts in their field. I will surely recommend this course to other educators. Congratulations for the amazing work.
Great Course! I'm a speech Therapist and work with non-English children, but now have more and more native-speaking client, so this course was very valuable for me - now I have a clear picture what to do. I also learn some interesting technics to work with d
Excellent! Incredibly rich lectures, knowledgeable staff/instructors and great resources provided.  I learned a great deal from participants as well in the discussion forum from students all over the world.  Thank you so much for providing this opportunity.
Very helpful and educational, especially if you are working with children or if you have children yourself. The course will provide you with the necessary tools to help support your children if you notice that they have difficulties in reading and writing.
I completed this course for university, it was very valuable and informative and expanded my knowledge in reading and writing difficulties and how to better support learners. I would recommend this to all educational psychologists, teachers and parents.
I'm absolutely amazed by this opportunity to learn about dyslexia and its "siblings"and also to have access to practical advices (a rare case these days!) in order to help my students. Many thanks to all people involved in developing of this course.
Hard to understand at times because some of the quiz questions didn't match what was presented. Had to infer quite a bit and interpret what the question asked. Otherwise, helpful in understanding and learning how to accommodate dyslexic learners.
The course presents you with clear and structured information and guidance about supporting students facing specific types of learning difficulties. The quizzes are a good way to identify knowledge gaps and prompted me to seek clarification.
A very informative and well discussed course supporting children with difficulties in reading and writing, dyslexia.Thank you, Jenny and Vincent for all the valuable information shared on this course.I thoroughly enjoyed doing this course.
This course is a bit challenging for non-English native speakers but is has lots of useful knowledge and resources for me to learn. It is great that this course provide not only theoretical foundations but also show me the practical part.
This is the best course I've ever done on Coursera. It's not just watching some videos, but actually studying the topic and getting challenged. I'm taking so much away for my work. Thanks a lot for all this enthusiasm and professionalism!
Very thought-provoking and practical course that provides a theoretical foundation regarding psychological processes of reading, and how educators can use multi-sensory pedagogies to support students with specific learning difficulties!
An excellent course that introduces you to Dylexia. It teaches the many principles and teaching strategies to support dyslexic students. It underpinned the practical experience I already had working in special education needs. Thank you
I found this course extremely helpful.  I was able to build on my existing knowledge and feel more confident in talking to the teachers and parents regarding my students who are facing difficulties in literacy and in particular reading.
I have learnt such a lot and hopefully will be able to support and help children with learning difficulties.  I will also look to completing a course for older children.  Thank you for all the hard work that you put into these courses.
Very interesting and useful course .Based on thorough research and studies,i.e. grounded in good theory.Excellent take -away strategies to use and implement to help children/adults who need extra support with reading and writing.
The course is quite comprehensive and full-on. Both the lecturers are knowledgeable and have quoted good examples. A good course resourse wise too. I wish UCL can come up something like this on ADHD, Dyscalculia and Dysgraphia.
This was a very interesting and well designed course. I feel like I am equipped to support children with reading and writing difficulties and have gained valuable theoretical as well as practical knowledge regarding dyslexia.
I learnt quite a lot! I am able to implement multi-sensory techniques in my Foreign language classroom. This course has opened my eyes to the difficulties struggling learners face and has given me tools to start helping them.
I'm not a teacher, but a home educating parent of a child with difficulties in reading and writing and I have learned so much that I can apply with my son. I'm already feeling that it's making a big difference. Thank you!
I never had opportunity to learn about dyslexia until I enrolled for this course. The selection of reading material, video lectures and the sessions with children in the course carved a deep learning experience for me.
This course was really  helpful. Both, theoritical and practical, approaches become a great tool in everyday strugle to support children with difficulties. I totally recommend it for every educator and parent.
This was a new area to me and a challenge, and at the same time very informative and fun! I am very interested in this field and have created the following FB page: https://www.facebook.com/SmartbutScattered/
This course is very informative and helpful because it gives a thorough explanation and a great overview of the course by showing some practical application on how to support the children's individual needs.
I enjoyed the course. I like the way it was organized. I would like to have seen at the end of the course, after I receivethe certificates the correct answers that I missed missed questions from the quizzes.
Great opportunity to to achieve such understanding in the area of reading and writing. Excellent explanation surrounding the dyslexia and barriers faced by many learners, mainly children in the first years.
Involving technical terms and linguistic background information before entering classroom strategies. It was a heavy and down parts, challenging course but I enjoyed diversity of instructions and material.
A wonderful, well organized, and very informative course. Dr. Jenny and Dr. Vincent have presented the course in a very simple and engaging manner. There are plenty of demonstrations that are very helpful.
This course is exceptional in every way. Instructors are very knowledgeable and accomplished. It was fun to take this course and I think what I learned from this course will help me to be better educator.
I got lots of  clues and techniques to become a  better teacher, how and what to  observe in a child to  help them. which is very imp to support children with reading and writing difficulties
Excellent course, with highly relevant content and great teachers.  Good balance between theory, practical examples and exercises. Now that I've just finished, I feel like starting it again.
Really useful and interesting course.  All methods and strategies provided were clear, helpful and easily achievable in the educational environment. Definitely recommended to all teachers.
It is a very comprehensive course and the course material is very interesting and self directional.I have been very much benefited  by this course as a teacher educator.Hemalatha Mallappa.
Great course! Very thorough with lots of engaging material that covers both the science behind dyslexia and practical approaches to supporting those who live with it. Highly recommended.
Most importantly for me were the many lectures and methods that I can use to help the student who encounter difficulties with composition, spelling, reading and importantly, comprension.
I´m really satisfied with this course. Excellent. It helped me a lot to understand my child and to help her in the way she learns. Thank you so much for all the information you gave me.
A great course for any literacy teacher or parent who wants to scaffold and support their children. Every part of this course is useful. The peer-assessments are practical and helpful.
Stage by stage difficulties in reading and writing and how to identify them are explained in detailed way. It's practical approach is very beneficial both to the learners and children.
I loved this course! It held my interest and I found that the information was delivered in a well structured manner with additional reading links and supporting documentation provided.
I am not a praticioner in this field but this course has allowed me to become fluent in the main theoretical framework and the issues concerning dyslexia. It has been very interesting!
Very detailed and well covered topic. Easy to follow and interesting information that can be implemented immediately in the classroom. Recommended for all educators of young children.
As a not native English teacher I encourage you to get into this course. Is extremely complex and accurate. GOOD sources and research material. Excellent educators as well!!!
An excellent course that if you decide to put the time and effort into you get a lot from it.Great resources and information.Being able to speed up the lectures is useful.
Loved it!!! complete, inspiring, profound and motivational!!!  The professor were excellent, the modality of the course was complete and efficient!!!  I really enjoyed it!
The course was very clarifying for me, I was able to identify in practice many of the aspects studied. It will certainly add a lot to my personal life and for my career.
A very thorough and useful course. Thank you for all the relevant information and the links to excellent materials, resources and websites! I strongly recommend it!!!
An informative, helpful and insightful course.  Useful, enlightening modules supported my ongoing professional development within a brand new Teaching Assistant role
Interesting lectures. The information is relevant and the examples are very helpful. Offers add and demo of navigation cards.
Thank you very much to the whole team
I approched this course without any knowledge about dyslexia and it has been a valuable resource to get a professional overwiew of the issue. Highly recommended.
This was a great course. The only part that could be improved would be to add some new content about the tech available now, as the videos about this are dated.
This course has increased much more experience on dyslexia area and useful knowledgable which I would definitely adapt to use as the tools to improve my school.
What an amazing course ! I learned so many useful and practical things.  I will definitely use this knowledge with my students ! Congratulations to all of you !
Extremely useful and inspiring course. Thank you Jenny and Vincent for chance to peep into learner's head. I hope I will help my students to master English.
The course was EXCELLENT! Thank you! Would be GREAT if there could do a follow-up course to this that is more practice-based and has related assessments.
Fantastic course for anyone working with children who have reading and spelling difficulties. Very informative and practical, with great resources.
I found the course extremely informative even for teachers who have been in field for some time. It will definitely change your views of students.
I really learnt an incredible amount from Jenny and Vincent! I will review the videos from time to time and use them to help me improve what I do.
As a teacher training student, this course was very helpful for me. I got many novel tips to support LD children during my classroom instruction.
I've really learnt a lot.  As an educator, there is so much that I can apply to my work and make a greater difference in my students' learning.
An exceptional course with extremely well thought out information and cleverly laid out modules that guide you through the complex information.
Helpful, clear, profound. I highly recommend it to the teachers, tutors, SLPs and parents of children with reading and writing difficulties.
This was not an easy course but it was well worth the time spent on it. Lot's of really useful and relevant information and well laid out!
I learned so much through this course. I recommend it to every person who wants to know how to make learning easier to a dyslexic student.
Lots of information packed in this course. I benefited a lot by doing this course. Thank you for putting together such a wonderful course.
There is a lot of good information on various ways that dyslexia affects learning, and how to attend to the needs of different learners.
This is a good course for educators who are interested in making a difference in the life of learners having difficulties with reading.
Brilliant — I can’t tell you how much I learned.  I’m ready to start planning for my students with difficulties learning how to read.
Very informative,comprehensive course. I was enlightened and gain skills and great ideas when dealing with children with dyslexia.AGA
Very informative for me. It was practical and provided helpful tips for teaching children with difficulties in reading and writing.
Thank you for an excellent course. The content was more than sufficient and interesting. I've learnt a lot and been very inspired.
it was difficult but when you have decided this is what you need to boost your career, than no matter what you will go through it.
Great work with really good teachers! I would definitely recommend it! The assignments helped me understand better the material.
The course is well structured and very informative. It helps to actually understand about dyslexia and the informal assessment.
The course was more than enjoyable! It covered basic as well as critical issues related to dyslexia. I strongly recommend it!
THIS COURSE IS ONE OF THE BEST COURSES I HAVE EVER DONE ONLINE. THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING UP WITH SUCH A WONDERFUL COURSE
This is was so helpful to me because i have now learned my next approach to courses i will be teaching in the next semester
I enjoyed the class.  Learned proper terminology, techniques for getting started and know how to look for new information.
Excellent course with all the necessary to be informed and updated about children difficulties in reading and writing.
Extremely helpful and well structured.Found the modules very interesting and applicable while working with children.
It's very professional and easy to follow up. Some parts are hard and need to listen more than time but very useful.
This course is too helpful to understand the difficulties of children with learning problems in reading and writing
This course has really helped me with some practical tools that I have been able to use in my classroom right away.
I have learned so much. I hope I can help some kids around here. Many thanks for teaching us, you both are great.
The course was great .It has given me so much knowledge on the subject in hand ,which I look forward to applying
This course is very important and useful. I learnt a lot for my future experience. Thanks a lot for coursera! !!
Great course. Gave me lots of food for thought. I cant wait to put things into action in the new school year.
Great course to get your feet wet on the subject. They cover the basics and wet your appetite to learn more.
I learnt a lot through this course and would love to do more on Dyslexia as there is so much more to learn.
Very technical but I did learn a great deal which will help me be a better teacher, parent and advocate.
Very good course content. Covers almost all the areas in a very precise manner. Interesting and helpful.
A very straight-forward course for those who want to know how to help Dyslexic children in a short time.
It is a very good course. It has helped me a lot. thank you  so much. Expecting more courses like this.
It helps a lot to understand Dyslexia and gives you ideas of different excersices that can be useful.
This course is amazing and I would strongly recommend to every teacher and future teachers.Thank you
It was a very good course I loved it and I learned a lot from the course Thank you for the coursera
Great content and instruction. Very encouraged by this inclusive open access learning environment.
Thank you for this opportunity... Rest assured that I will apply acquired knowledge to my pupils.
This was a challenging course that provided helpful information.  Well worth the time and effort.
A very informative and interesting course with practical examples and extensive resources given.
Fantastic course.  Very well organised and conveys lots of useful, practical advice and informa
Thanks a lot! I do learn a lot from this course, and I'm sure will take more lessons like this.
Excellent course, very well structured, explained and with loads of practical and useful tips.
Absolutely the best seminar i have ever attented. I am looking formward for my Certificate!
It's an excellent way to help our students and to improve our teaching and learning skills.
Done it and got the certificate. I love this. This course will definately help me with job.
Learned so much about supporting children with dyslexia. Very practical course. Thank you!
Excellent  course Clear so many doubts and very helping for teachers like me.thanks a lot.
This is a very interesting introduction to the field of reading and writing difficulties.
I enjoyed listening to the very informed instructors.  The videos were very informative.
Fantastic and thorough, great insights into working well with children having dyslexia.
I really learnt a lot.I think no other online platforms gives you so much information.
Very well organised. Such great theoretical and practical information. I learnt a lot.
An amazing course! I have learned a great deal and looking forward put it in action.
a lots of learning done in 6 weeks. A must do not only for teachers but for moms too
Great information for any mainstream classroom or special education teacher. Thanks.
this course was an eye-opener for me in learning how to deal with dyslexic children
I would recommend this course to all educators since it has already helped me a lot
very informative, research oriented. it includes multiple perspectives.enjoying it!
Great course! What made it worth wild was learning from real experts in the field.
I have learnt so much especially on how brain functions during lessons. Thank you.
I enjoyed the course and have learned much from assessment to intervention. Kudos!
Very interesting class, well presented and helpful information. Highly recommend.
I learnt so much on this course! I would recommend ALL teachers take this course.
Really enjoyed the course. The materials were very well presented and well paced.
Thanks a lot for very useful information which can be used by teaching children!
Really Informative. Information clear, functional and well delivered. Thank you!
Excellent explanations, simple and accuracy. Both teachers are very qualified.
I learnt a lot through this course.  Excellent content,practical suggestions.
i gain a lot of knowledge! it is well organized and the teacher are experts!!
Its really helpful to learn such course from coursers. Amazing experience :)
i really like this course helps me to relate better with the kids in class.
Wonderful course for teachers to help children facing reading difficulties.
A really good first dip of the toe into more detail on Dyslexia. Thank you
Excellent course very informative would recommend to teachers and parents.
I really found this course really interesting and helpful for my career.
This is an amzing course. It offers fantastic tools for us as teachers.
Thanks to this course I rediscovered the passion for my teaching career
A very useful course includes the theory and practical teaching method.
I found the course to be extremely helpful, interesting and motivating.
I have a better understanding for children with dyslexia. Thank you.
Great lecturers and a great and creative way to transfer knowledge.
easy and understandable tutorials, happy to proceed another course
easy to follow, very explicit instruction and great forum support
superb!!! Perfect strategies to learning and preparation to test.
Very informative, well prepared and delivered. Highly recommend.
The course is flexible. Very educative for teachers and parents.
Very thorough and informative course. Very relevant information.
Amazing course!  Clear, structured presentation of material.
Excellent structure, resources, information, use of research
Great course that you learn alot from and well worth  doing
Excellent and very helpful, informative concrete and crisp
Very good course. The assignments were state of the art.
l have learnt too may new things. thank you very much
i have not yet received the certificate for the same.
This course was packed full of valuable information!
I have thoroughly enjoyed this comprehensive course!
Excellent course to support children with dyslexia!
Excellent course material and very student friendly
It was a great course, thanks to the instructors.
I am very satisfied with the level of instruction
highly recommened , great course, I learnt a lot!
Great course. Very clear and meaningful content.
challenging but so worth it and learned so much!
It was an awesome course with lot many technics
jenny delivering the instructions are too past.
its very interesting course. Highly recommended
Very helpful and informative course. I love it!
Very informative and interesting - thank you!!
This course was very informative thank you!
A very good and comprehensive course indeed
Found this course very useful as a teacher.
Very helpful every teacher should try it !
A very informative, comprehensive course.
Εxcellent course, I highly recommend it.
it was great learning experience! Thanks
I found it very useful, learned a lot!
this course was educational.thank you
It is a really great online course.
This course was amazing. Thank you.
Fantastic course! I learnt so much.
great course with  rich information
Fantastic course Really enjoyed it!
Thank you for offering this class!
A very useful course.  Thank you!
Informative and intensive course.
I understood the topic very well.
I thoroughly enjoyed the course.
Wonderful experience. Thankyou.
It is a must for every teacher
Just the best.Ana R. Pelayo.
very insightful and useful.
Extremely informative!
Lo mejor... the best!
Was very helpful :)
Very imformative
A Loraine Maria
Gained alot
