it did not add any value to existing knowledge.
I do not find almost anything valuable in this course. It's a bunch of random interviews without any clear learning process. Completing whole course can be done in 30 minutes.
The course is weak, we have a lot of discussion and opinions with no much guidline and tools.The readings are specific to social sciences, it should be clear in the title.
It is like for kids, I think all courses must mention their target audience. Contents, Videos, talks nothing was value for time.
Didn't like the course though did only one week. In the first week you are supposed to write a research proposal. Though there is a lot of talk on what research is, no actual advice is given on how to write a sound research statement. What's more, with no knowledge on how to do it, you are supposed to assess the works of your peers. I doubt that inexperienced in research beginners will provide valuable feedback - at least I would never do it if I hadn't been quite experienced in that. The second week is devoted to the discussion of the importance of literature review. Isn't that obvious?
Peer reviewing quality was very poor, and I didn't receive any feedback that I could learn from.  There was a mismatch between the simplicity of the points in the videos and the complexity of the readings, and there was no assistance with the reading, e.g. supporting notes or videos discussing the readings. The discussion facility was not used for any actual discussion of the material, but was filled with requests for peer reviewing including at least one that said 'I'll give you a good mark if you give me one'.The useful aspect was completing the assignments, which made me watch the videos and read the sources, but, as I say, there was no subsequent useful feedback.
This course is not what it boasts to be.Just some random interviews are posted without doing any work on developing the content and structuring the presentation.Pier review system even makes it worse.I was expecting a more structured presentation rather than beating around the bush.Rather than giving reference to the materials you can make  some efforts to create content of your own.If you are looking for course on research methods  the course by university of Amsterdam is the best hands down.
The course could be done much better. It is basically people being interviewed about what research is and they ask the same questions to 4 different people with similar answers. Also the course organisers get u the paying customer to review as oppose to do it themselves -I think this is not fair and u get no input from the course organiser. How this course got an award is beyond me. Coursea should remove this course or get new people to do it properly.
It is a really basic course. I don't recommend it because the videos are  not well organized and the assignments are not clear. It also demands to give feedback with at least 50 words, this is not applicable to submissions that require a minimun of 400 words but participants dont take the course seriously and write a copuple of lines. Also, the interviews from the videos are not well organized and the people interviewed dont always make a good point.
Except for the material prepared by Harvard about research methods I couldn't find anything attractive in this course. Unfortunately, instructors were not influential. They spoke with a very low tone and lacked enthusiasm. I remember one of them saying that they represent good researchers. What? Personally or professionally I don't know you, but by your speaking or enthusiasm you are not representing  "good researchers".
The course could have been organized better. The tittle tells understanding the research methods and the instructors had hardly discussed any. The interview they take with other people could just be a supplementary videos and not the main course content itself. It was quite shocking to know to the entire content has just the interviewed opinions.
I found this course way too sketchy and lacking in information. The module on literature reviews was good, but other than that, the course was devoid of content and I do not feel like my knowledge of research methods has increased after completing the course.
It gave me some interesting ideas to consider but didn't delve into how to do any of them.  For example we read three chapters about the importance of a organized, methodical literature review, but there wasn't anything on how to do it methodically.
Minimal content. The course explores a very relevant topic in a very shallow way.
It's a piece of garbage, because we can't download the pdfs.
The course seemed to me too short and sketchy.
Far Below expectations. No inputs
Not very good course in my view.
Really Didn't like the course.
want to un-enroll the course.
TOO SUPERFICIAL
Although there are some nice insights to grasp, the focus and practical means is totally missing. There is no clear objective for the course and it's not going make you to either know the theories considering research methods nor is going to make you able to use them solely by following the course.
I found the course useful because it made me think of a project I am working on. How ever, I found it way too short, I completed the four weeks in for days of light work (between 1-2 hours).  I found the feedback I received a disappointment, with usually just a line of writing saying "good job", which seems to me that students just fill it up as a requirement. I found the chapters most useful, and I think it was a good call making the tasks around them; that being said, most of the work I reviewed (about this chapters) wasn´t about the chapters or the task at hand. I don´t know how others reviewed but I suspect they didn´t care and put up a passing grade. I would´ve liked more serious evaluations, and more tasks for that matter -maybe two for each week, one for the videos and one for a chapter-. Talking about the videos, I found them interesting but mostly too short and on the surface. I know the price is low because of the limitations present, but I don´t think that's excuse for the lack of content.
I believe the information provided in this course is very poor and misplaced. The articles chosen are difficult to understand and barely make sense with one another, the theory that one needs to understand regarding research methods is poor and it does not link well with each module. The questions asked in the excercises are not well posed, leaving the student s with doubts on what actually has to be answered. Sometimes in the instructions section a different question appears from that of the box where the answer has to be written.In general I believe it is quite messy. It does help you acquire some basic knowledge, but I believe there are better sources for this, like books or articles that explain everything about research and the methods that can be used.
This course is not exactly a course in the classic sense - there are no lectures, the only videos are a few very short interviews with researchers each week and there is a little reading. The biggest focus of this course is on some kind of collaboration/social learning. I don't feel that that's the way to go with courses, especially if the only feedback that is available is this of students - necessarily not of the best quality (because they are still learning) and sometimes even misleading (because they do not understand the subject yet). I don't think that this type of courses works well, and I must say I was disappointed with this course - I expected to learn much more.
The information was there, and the insight into researcher opinions and methodology via the interviews was interesting. The videos felt drab and uncharismatic, the presenters seemed unconfident but the interviewees were excellent. I worked hard to produce my work, and to review the work of others, however the feedback I received from peers has been unhelpful, with one person writing 'It was good'. Since the peer review should be at least 50 words, it would be helpful to have a word count, and also the student should not be able to submit until their review reaches 50 words. This would support students like myself to improve. Thank you.
Its a very simply course, i more like for undergrade students. Someone who has already taken a course of methods of research, this course has little few things it can handle. And if this university is more of social research, it would be better if you make a course of qualitative methods. In the end, the final thoughts are: more knowledge of other subjects, particularly qualitative study and how they make it and their methods of research and how they describe the phenomena
Simple introduction giving you the basic understanding of the importance of research planning and time management. Does not meet the expectations. The course should be called "One minute interviews with random scientists where we ask them what do they think is important in a scientific research". The authors of the course don't really teach anything about HOW one should plan and manage the project, make a solid literature review, or measure the outcome. Worthless.
The only informative part I found was Literature Review. Apart from that, rest was not really helpful. When I signed up, I thought I will get some good insight into research entire process, at least, the method part of it (since the course is named Understanding Research Methods). However, except from one PDF on Research Approach (which was fine), I did not find the talks by experts helpful. The format of experts stating their views didn't really work for me.
This course is nicely organized and has manageable readings & videos.  The video quality could be better.  It's very very basic information about research.  It might be useful to someone who does not know anything about it at all.  The title might lead one to expect that methods of research such as qualitative, quantitative, and mixed method would be explored. Rather, this course is a general overview of what research is.
The instructional videos were short and generic. The few assigned readings were better. To improve the course I would have asked the interviewed researchers to explain the details of their studies and why they had to make certain changes to their research design when they came to commonly encountered impediments. Not worth US $50; US $20 would have been a fair price for a course of this length and time commitment.
The course gives some good literature on the topic. The videos are interviews and personal opinions only. A lot of the content could have been delivered with videos instead of readings - especially because the key learning are in the readings and not the interviews (at least for me). The peer review was, unfortunately, not really helping. I would recommend the literature provided but not the course itself.
Pretty shallow content, not really going in depth on anything. Parts of videos are repeated multiple times for no apparent reason. Errors in the wording of weekly tasks has existed seemingly for years and no effort has been put in solving the issues. I have paid for a certificate and earned it, and I do not think I am going to even download it.
This course relies heavily on self-reading and theoretical knowledge. Video interviews which are part of the curriculum are mostly not useful. Overall the course did not provide me with the value I was looking for.
Overall, the e-tivities or tasks given are good. However, the videos and courses don't add a lot of contribution to what is known. It is very basic and very less inputs are provided during the course.
This course just gives you theoretical background of research methods and too easy. I found it actually not useful to me. I learned no practical skills to deal with my research thesis.
The sound is not clear, they bore me a lot when they talk about something. I would enjoy the course if they type it in a page to read it more comfortably.
There was very little actual content in this course, and I can't say I learned very much. In hindsight, I wish I hadn't paid for a verified certificate.
This is a good course but I was hoping to get lectures that teach the research methodology in greater details with MCQs as testing methods.
Not at all recommended. I would prefer rather book like Craft of research or a similar one instead of this course.
Contains worthwhile content though for all the hours spent, I didn't get as much as I should have.
The course is not well constricted to guide students.. it's only fill the gaps.
thank you for your efforts but I think need more information
It was a great and enlightening course. I was so excited
The contents could have been better.
Not adding any valuable information
Not really detailed
Content is good. I found the information in the videos valuable, albeit short and leaving me wanting more. I suppose that's what research is for. In general great and short course to get one on track with research methods.Take this course, as it is good.  So why three stars?   I know it is a long review, and feel free to remove it from the list, if you deem it appropriate. I have learned a lot in the course, and it is a valuable experience still.   My problem lies with the design of the course, that seems to have started with great vigour at then lost the steam at the end. I would like to suggest few pointers. Especially since the presenters have another courses in the catalogue with similar issues.  1. Help learners to focus - Body language, and position in the room. Standing in front of windows with the traffic outside may seem a minor thing, but it detracts form you and the content. As a course designer it is a responsibility to set it right. Same applies for hands in back pockets, posture when sat down, lens flare etc.  2 - As instructors you have offered very little teaching. All was left to the guest speakers. All very good and knowledgeable. Some graphic and own mini lecture would help to establish you as experts (not that you are not, but we would not know that from the videos), rather than mere interviewers. (Summary of what was said).  3 - match the video and e-tivity focus. And think about the accessibility of the material to your learners, especially if no previous knowledge is required. Week three was about managing research and planning. The reading, was surprisingly different (week 4 activity would be more suitable here) and really hard to access to someone, who hasn't done much reading in theories of knowledge etc. This would be more accessible as a guided lecture and quiz, rather than 400 words response.  I hope I was not offensive to anyone. I was trying to help you to help us learn better, if that makes sense.  M
I completed my MA in English Literature in 2009 but it took me another 4 years to complete my thesis equivalent to 100 marks. I submitted a thesis in Virginia Woolf's  To The Lighthouse by using feminism as a theoretical framework. I have got A+ in the thesis as well. However, my passion for research methods and academic writing was not pacified. When the nationwide lockdown began from March 24 in Nepal, I thought to utilize the time in a productive way. Therefore, I googled some free online courses related to research and came to find out Understanding Research Methods proposed by the University of London, SOAS University of London. Yes, I didn't complete all the assignments on the given time; however, I did each and every assignment and went through the peer reviews. At the end of the course, I feel I have learned the things very practically. I learned about the research question, literature review and approaches, designs, philosophical assumptions and usefulness of the qualitative, quantitative and mixed methods of research to complete a research project in a successful way. I would like to thanks MOOC, University of London and the entire team for providing this opportunity for me.
Very good in some ways, very poor in others, so a three.I learned a lot. I did the reading, I did the exercises and read around the topic. So from my point of view worthwhile. On the other hand I kept getting requests to pay £39 pounds for a certificate. Why not, it presumably says that you have completed a University of London course, which has to be a good thing. I don't need a certificate, as I'm taking the course for my own personal study needs.However, it became obvious to me that many other people were cheating . It's not difficult at all and I suspect many people paying for the certificate have done little or no work at all. This means that the certificate is completely devalued. I was disappointed that both Coursera and the University of London (which is where both my degree and PGCE certificate are from) are prepared to put their names to something so valueless.It was clear that there were other people who, like me, were using the course to learn - I learned a lot from reading their submissions, but I wonder how disappointed those people must feel knowing that others are failing to do the work.
Good and Bad. The course content is really basic, and I wish it went into greater depth and detail. For instance, the videos, instead of actually giving you an idea of HOW to do a literature review, just have researchers talking about the importance of a literature review, over and over. The videos weren't helpful at all. The course materials WERE a good source of information, however. If you are a self-starter, you'll get something out of the course.My only other gripe, which I think is a huge problem with the course, is that the certificate doesn't state how much time you actually took to do the course. This is a problem for healthcare professionals that need continuing education hours.
The course was of great help. It provides valuable insights to engage in academic research. However, I rate it only with three starts because I think it is too basic for the complexity involved in real research. Also I think some ideas provided in the course could be better organized. For example, in week three, the topic was understood to be something like "Management Skills Applied to Research" but the material pointed to something totally different. All ideas presented were great, but I think it is just matter to clarify better the objectives in each week.
The organization of this course was very good. I liked the themes and their order. I thought the videos could have been longer and more substancial, but the reading were great. I got confused on one of the assignments in which the questions of the given chapter were supposed to be answer. There were 3. I must have misunderstood or have another file, because no one I read had such question and I got not so great reviews. I think this should be looked at. Either way, thank you for this opportunity!
Unfortunately the course info was not clear enough that it was aimed to social science area. Of course the student should be able to understand the ideas and adapt to any research area. Still it was a major disappointment. The videos included are kind of shallow, the text on the other hand are more robust and added to my knowledge. I wouldn't recommend this course for PhD students (you should already know this things by now!), but rather for undergraduate.
The course seems fairly well planned with lots of free articles. The peer reviewed assignments provide opportunities to give and receive feedback. However, the instructions for E-tivity 3 gave instructions which confused many course participants (including myself). Perhaps clearer instructions would have made participants more likely to be able to meet the assignment deadline.
If you are new in research, the videos provide a  general idea of what to expect during the research. The extra readings are good to go in-depth, but the peers-review is not worth it at all. People don't take the reviews seriously and some feedback is just worthless.  Implementing feedback from the professors would be perfect.
Nice course but lot of troubles are arising during the completion of this course. still i am unable to complete it and could not find out the reason. Once i got a message that my course is completed and i can get my certificate but now it says still assignment pending... i dont know how to deal with it.
The course is too brief. The first 2 weeks material was good, but the other half is weak and it left me with no real answers at all. This course made me understand what is the first stage of research, but the title is misleading since it does not actually talk about the different research methods.
Some parts were good but overall the course was lacking in its ability to add value. There were generic discussions. Week 3 was almost useless; had it not been for a good reading provided for an assignment, it was too basic.Add some specificity in the course or name it Basics of Research Methods.
The course was short and like a mini introduction to research methods. I liked hearing from different experts and their views and opinions on the subject.  I hoped for a more detailed course and in depth learning opportunity. I benefited from the course but it didn't meet my expectations.
This is basic course, suitable for undergrads, the spoken experience were great to share. kudos to authors, each exemplars, provide new perspective. provide deeper understanding of research methods. Formulation of hypothesis, aims, objectives, could have been more interesting. Thanks..
although the course is a good one to know about research at the beginner level.  Yet considering the target audience may even be phd fellows like me, the course could have been a little more detailed or provided more readings like the ones on literature review.
Understand Research Methods is a good experience for me and I enjoyed this video lecture and this topic. The ability to survey and understanding, field of knowledge. Research to collaborate and individuals work their careers as research.
The course is very concise, and therefore can only be considered as a introduction and not to gain a deep understanding. Little interaction with mentors, and fellow students do not seem to put a lot of effort in grading each other.
It's great to understand more of research methods in application, but I wish there were more resources provided to supplement our study. In general, this is a good course for those who start thinking of doing research in the future
The teachers, as well as the way it is taught, are very innovative and integral. The main issue I had while learning was the social research focus it has. They should be more clear about it in the preview of the course.
I very much appreciated and enjoyed the course as well as i'm utterly  grateful for giving me such an opportunity.Thank you so much.Hope the knowledge i achieved from the course that will help me in my career.
Nice way to teach people on how to go about a research in the initial phase. Very simple and basics steps were explained through the e-tivities. The reading material provided was also of good content quality.
The overall premise of the course is strong.  Although I found the instructors and guest speakers extremely knowledgeable, quite a bit of the material was repetitive within in each week's video clip content.
The books introduced in the course were great and helped me to expand my perspective about doing research. But Interviews seemed a little sporadic to me, and I didn't manage to build a connection with them.
very good course. The last e-activity was proposal preparation. It will be good if they add something about sampling in reading materials. Very good experience for me.....I will recommend this course
This course is covering basics. This course needs to have a strong mechanism in reviewing the answers of the candidate. It is very good learning for me to build a basic foundation for the research.
The course is very basic, it should have more in depth topics or maybe it should be within a specialization of a complete research methodology, but thanks, this is a great help.
Came to know some basic research strategies. Enjoyed the assignments. Good course, catered for grad students but Undergrads can also benefit from the Reading material provided.
It's very basic and discussion type course, you will not be instructed for any research method actually, it's just some discussion of few professors about research methods
It is a good course but should focus more on writing a research proposal as well as the peer-graded assignments should have more factors to depend on while reviewing
A bit simplistic but useful refresher for understanding research methods. For a more thorough exploration of methodology I might suggest another course.
I wish to know more especially it'd have been better if you had expalined the papers of week 3 in the videos thanks a lot
This course is a good statring point, but it is not inclusive, I was expecting that it will cover the steps of reearch.
Instead of interviewing different people, it could have animations and infographics to explain the research methods.
This course was not very engaging but contained useful, general information about the research process.
It is very short to feel like a real class. Video Lectures are too short too. I liked the readings.
Thanks for the course, it was interesting, but as a newcomer I expected a little bit more informa
How we can fit the problem of data collection and can create the interest to the tittle.
Interesting course and interactive learning process. I would love a certificate, though.
It should have had more information. A series of lecture could have a better impact.
This course is just about basics but it should be more appropriate like its title
There is not much exploration of theoretical frameworks as I was expecting.
The course was successful in giving an overview about the research process.
It's look very very basics, i thought to get something more informative..
course content was great, but I felt like the course left me hanging....
so interesting  and  they got a very talented way of teaching
The course should be renamed as Basics of Research Method.
A book or youtube tutorial is better than this course.
This was definitely a strange course.
great work. loved it.
It is a basic  course
Helpful insight.
Good initiative
The course was informative and stimulating. The reading materials were valuable and easy to follow. The interviews were short but meaningful. More reading materials, and instruction on how to search the web and data bases will be a good elementary skill to learn for a novice researcher like myself. Thank you
Understanding Research Methods is an interesting basic course regarding research, clarifies many queries of students, academicians and researchers.
This was my very first course online, and I enjoyed it a lot. I was very surprised  by the teaching approach, through interviews of several professors -- each presenting his/her own perspective on the respective topics -- and I found that a very judicious way to avoid the "death by PowerPoint". The transliteration of the content of the interview ("karaoke-like") below the screen is also a very helpful tool. Thanks also for the reading materials; I'll keep them as good references. All in one, that was worth the experience! Warm thanks to you all!  -- Stéphane (Bangkok)
I really enjoying this course and found it very accessible. It was much less demanding in terms of time than I expected, so perhaps that was a bonus. The readings were well-chosen and really cleared up some misunderstandings for me. The only criticism I have is that the final e-tivity (in Week 4) is not graded. I feel if it was, people would take it a bit more seriously and apply themselves to produce a good submission. Many of the submissions were not genuine attempts. I would also like to have been challenged to produce a halfway decent research proposal (rather than some anecdotal notes) and get quality feedback (as far as can be expected on a MOOC.) I would also request weekly PDFs of the transcripts for easy download and annotation. Overall, the course is definitely worth doing and I would love to see it extended into a Specialisation or series of courses on research. Thank you for providing this learning experience.
Materials provided for study are excellent, including writings by Booth and Creswell. A glitch in the system allows unintended bypassing of the final assignment. If a student submits all required peer reviews, the system indicates course completion, even though the E-4, 800-word assignment remains to be submitted. It could be reasoned that I had already completed the outline of a plan (fulfilling in essence the E-4 assignment ahead of time) when I submitted the previous, E-3 assignment. I would give this course 4.5 stars. It is what one makes of it. It the student isn’t interested, the course will seem lacking. If the student is self-motivated and driven, the course seems to offer what is needed to learn more. You get out of this course what you put into it. I am pleased with the course and happy with my investment of tuition. Thank you.
Thank you for offering this course! I've crafted several research proposals, and it was refreshing to learn something new about familiar concepts from different perspectives of the "interviewee" researchers and from the readings provided. The peer evaluation process was helpful only if the peer left detailed comments. Evaluations from the instructors would have been appreciated, too. Suggestion: improve the audio of some videos, and make the instructions of assignments clearer (i.e., Week 2 Instructions and Submission prompt are different; Week 3's "respond to Chapter 1" is a bit vague).
The course brings interesting views to understand your own research problem, questio, approach, design and methods. The course is definitely applicable for social sciences and less for pure sciences. However it helps understanding the research views of the world which is useful to understand how your personality influences the research approach. There is little reading support but enough to articulate with the interviews. To improve: provide tests / assessments where you have multiple choice to have a real grading and increase the difficulty of the class.
A good short course that introduces some of the fundamentals of research. It is marred slightly by the poor description of what's required for the e-Tivities that end each week's work. In one week, the question to be answered was different on the Submission page from what it was on Instruction page; on another, it was too vague to understand. In both cases, clarification was to be found in the Discussion forum, but it's a pity the course itself wasn't edited to correct these errors. Otherwise, the videos and reading materials were good.
Frankly speaking, I had joined this course as a compulsion, but soon I came to know that it was a great course. I always had this problem with Research related courses that I often would go repulsive to any of such courses in my past. But this course has taught me various techniques to make my research, a good piece of work, presentable and unique. I thank coursera and University of London for providing such a nice, unique platform for amateurs like us.
This course is a good introductory course on how to perform research and is well designed. Although the intended audience are students of various branches of study, the reading materials that are provided in the course concentrate more on social sciences. This is something that I as a computer science graduate feel hard to comprehend. If reading materials that are provided in the course address a general audience then it would be great
It was fun and I liked the peer graded e-tivities. It would be nice if one of the readings on research methods would have samples of survey or questionnaires or interviews or any other method to make it more relevant and easily understandable. For a beginner, the terms, although well-defined, would only make complete sense if there are examples. Thank you for the informative and insightful videos and notes. It was a great help.
this course has actually helped in the ways of starting and organizing a research.it is going so well for me from now, with all of the topics and required reading doing a great job in making an actual usefulness, a small example on an actual research was to be seen useful, in order to teach everyone how to make the best paper and what are the practical steps in organizing our knowledge and readings in the paper itself.
I took this course because I intend embarking on PhD studies soon, and wanted to brush up on research skills almost 20 years after my Master's project. It gave me the right direction. I suggest that as an improvement, the course includes some discussion on the last three parts of research document, namely, the research results, conclusion and recommendations. Without these, the course feels incomplete.
The course gave a very good introduction to what research is about, how to plan your research, and the basics of doing research. Good discussions with faculty members from different departments are shown, and they are quite rich. In my opinion, some written course materials summarizing the key points would have helped a lot to consolidate the key points. Nonetheless, I enjoyed doing the course!
This was a great introductory course. I particularly appreciated the text book chapter being included as it was a really useful resource. Compared to some other Coursera courses (quantitative and qualitative research methods) there were many fewer lectures and resources. That's why I rated it a 4/5. I'm getting more out of the other two, but this was a fantastic introduction to get me thinking.
The outline of the course is great, however, I was expecting a bit more. For instance, it would be better if I get some clear guidelines with examples, it would help me. The discussions with the researchers are good, but along with this, there should be some reading topics, instructions and guidelines on how to manage the research, or how to write research questions etc.
It is a basic course on research methods. The subject of research methods can be rather broader, which include further delve into the research methodology/design, data collection, analysis and interpretation. Nonetheless, this course will be very useful for those who needs introductory concept to research methods, as it is generally simple and easy to follow.
The starting of the course could have been a little less basic. In the middle it really picked up and gave me a refresher on what I had learned in my masters, especially in concepts that I had not used in my own research endeavours. But for people who are familiar with the basics of research methods, they might find something new to learn in this course.
It's a really good course to learn general parameters of research. However I think the E-tivity 3 wasn't clear some people did a summary from the reading, some others answered the questions from the reading and me tried to do a connection between the videos and the reading. These misunderstandings can have impact in the evaluation from the partners
I like the first E-tivity where we were asked to do the reading and listen to the video then come up with our own research question. I wished the rest of the course had continued along the same line where we can create a possible framework of what our research would have looked like by utilizing the ideas developed during the videos and readings.
Course was really interesting, very thought provoking and hitting the right buttons. Just that the course was too short. Very limited number of videos, limited number of readings. It's like having a good meal, but so little, you remain hungry and ultimately question your decision. Hope the quantity of content will be increased next time.
A very good introduction to the basics of research questions and designing a research framework. The notes and video lecture are succinct and contains all the necessary concepts, definitions and examples from reliable sources. The four week duration of the course is properly divided to fit in the timetable of a busy college schedule.
This course is good for beginner student of research and recommend too. But i would suggest to add more visual content to the course, understand how can literature review be done systematically, replace chap data with presentation slides and elaborate the research methods with good examples. That's will become a complete package.
Great introduction to research methods for anyone contemplating a research masters of Phd. I haven't studied for a while, so found the course content particularly useful. Course is taught through a combination of videos, readings and weekly assignments which are peer reviewed. Weeks 2 and 3 of the course are particularly useful.
Great course... The most enjoyable part is the interaction with each other. The peer-review assignments were very nice. I have learned a lot from others. Our professors were very nice and the videos were short and very useful. If you want to improve anything; the voice of the videos should be louder especially of dr Simon.
Its a very good experience. I have learnt a lot through this course. It gave me an idea about the research approaches, methods and design to plan my study. I still wanted to know more on this research methods. I will be grateful if you find me further level of course (online) in you university. Thank you very much.
Understanding Research Methods MOOC by University of London helped me out to get extensive knowledge on the basic fundamentals that a researcher should have and should look into. I thank the Course Instructors Dr.J.Simon Rofe and Dr.Yenn Lee, SOAS,University of London for preparing this informative MOOC.
This course was basic yet covered many important elements for research design. It helped me to better understand the parts of design. The readings were relevant and the assignments were thorough enough to solidify main ideas.  The videos were interesting. I would recommend the course for beginners.
Was really helpful for me especially in peer reviewing others works. Enables us to indirectly or directly share ideas. I found the week on the importance of literature review most helpful for me as this is the area if done properly will generate proper and relevant ideas of your research.
This is an interesting course about some aspects of research methods. The lessons are really "light" (and for me, a bit too general), but I learned a number of practical tips and tricks about the necessity to carefully review the existing literature and about the writing of a report.
this is a great course for those people who are new to research because most of people don't know how to manage their work or what methods are followed in research .This course will help you to start on a research project as you'll understand how to do research in a correct way.
I had never thought I would enjoy a class in research methods again after a horrible introduction in my undergraduate study and I was scared this would limit my ability to undertake a Masters' study yet, here I was glued to my screen every week enjoying it! Thank you, Coursera!
It was such a helpful course, even though the syllabus was concentrating on researching Social Studies and I am a researcher in Civil Engineering. The session concerning time management need to be modified to suite its title as the content and the title didn't match.
This is an interesting course for beginners in the field of research. The most amazing thing about this course is that it is light, will help you understand what is the research question, how to undertake literature review and how to plan your overall research work.
Overall, great class! I learned a lot about research methods as a process. However, I wish there was a way for the course to be more academic. I am took this course as a means to help me apply to a PhD program, and I am not sure it will count in an academic setting.
Could've shown real life examples of a few research works as well as add a few more weeks and spare a bit more knowledge and let us do more practical work. It was a good course anyways because i learnt something new. Thank you Coursera and University of London.
The course was overall very  informative and effective. However, it will be more enriched if there will be more readings and powerpoint presentations. Peer reviewing should also be taken seriously. Personally for me, the experience was satisfactory. Thank You.
Good course for anyone starting the journey of research. The course gives you an overview of the whole process in simple and easy way. Research work is challenging, however, this introductory course gives you some comfort when you hear the research scholars.
This course helped me understand how to direct my research and write useful feedback, as well as explore different research methods. it also helped me understand how to write a literature review effectively and definitely inspired me to begin researching.
It is a good course, but if you already have a scientific background it may be too basic to you. I really liked the videos, especially the one talking about how you can deal with critics - this is something nobody teaches you. I would recommend it.
It´s a really clear course with excellent reading material. The videos are very clear and straight to the point. Unlukily, I've found out that some students do not answer consiously the activities and the forums are not used with its real purpose.
The course gives an outline of the main steps to consider when doing research. The only way to practice these steps is to do research, but after this course I feel more comfortable planning out and executing the different steps of research.
Interersting and important inputs received from the instructers in the form of interviews provided, however some giudence in the lecture mode would be appreciated especially for writing research proposal or conducting literature review
A practical course with a lot of focus on individual reflection which helped me. Feedback provided by peers on work completed is often not of the standard the instructors request - comments are not left to help you improve your work.
I thought the course was just what I needed to start to understand better the definitions and stages for higher education levels of research. It's helped me understand existing ways I work and give them a more structured catergory
Great introductory course. A little basic - could do with being longer and exploring more issues in more detail. Also would be nice for their to be some form of exam in order to obtain a meaningful score other than (100%)
Peer review evaluation for assignment work is a great way to foster collaboration and new ways of thinking.. what one reviewer might write could be varied from the next reviewer thereby the course adding a lot of value.
It was fairly easy course. Very informative about research methodologies. I would have loved to see some difficult exercises which were missing in this course. Otherwise it was a good course for a newbie in this area.
Should have taken more examples from real researchers in the field of physics or any other life science and should have asked them the sequence of steps from the ideation to the publishing of their research project.
Great course, I managed to refine my research question through its assignments, and got a better idea of how to go about creating a good literature review.  Have bookmarked most of the readings for future reference.
Dear Sir/Madam,I found it interesting way of online learning. I thank you.I need a proof of attendance for my supervisor.Your feedback is highly appreciated.Best regards,Shaker Abdul Azizaashaker@graduate.utm.my
A very fruitful effort and a nice MOOC by Univ of London allowing many many people/researchers across the globe to learn about state of art research methods which are usually not taught at MPhil or PhD levels.
The course is nice framed..However, i am not able to see my e certificate even though i have completed the course successfully and received email regarding the same. Request to guide and resent e certificate.
It's an excellent course to help you focus on the key points to conduct research. I think the course was for a greater number of topics that still had to be covered, or maybe a second part of this course.
I get to know that finding of the research is in itself research. A good course, but for an undergraduate like me it's little out of syllabus type thing> But as I spent more time it becomes interesting.
Quite new form of learning to me. Ways i use to choose for research was quite bad like after understanding thing i know i can perform good with respect to any research is concerned.Happy Learning :)
The content is comprehensive and simple. However, the assignment questions can be made more clearer and precise. Many colleagues were failing to respond to questions because they were not clear.
I think course provide a great introduction to understanding research methods in the social sciences. The interviews with academics, provided as part of the course, are particularly informative.
The course gave me a clear understanding of the research methods. I am very-much thankful to my instructors Dr.Simon Rofe and all other pioneer researchers who shared there valuable knowledge.
It was a great course but I wish the repetitions in videos are cut out. A lot of scholars are repeating what the others have already addressed, if that can be taken care of, it would be great.
It is a very interesting course. The references are very helpful. It makes me read the whole books. And the task and reviews of other students make you think about how doing a well research.
This course is a good first step towards research in any field. Research is something important and delicate and this is a great way to start understanding its purpose, tools and activities.
In the initial stages, any research scholar will have a doubt how to take forward the project. But this course has given good knowledge of how to understand and take forward the project.
The course is well structured with a many stimulating activities. Maybe adding other suggested readings more in-depth knowledge of some arguments could be beneficial for the whole course
This course is good for understanding Research method but I will request that try to improve the quality. You should talk more and more about the details of structure portion. Thank u.
very nice overview of the main points, a liitle short on the videos and I wish there have been more debate between researchers about which way fits the best kind of different reserachs
It is a good course to understand the criteria of a good research question and the approaches to research. However, the assignments are not that challenging as they are peer-reviewed
The course format and reading materials are of very much helped me to have the concept of research design and research formulation. I recommend this course to my fellow learners..
Good course,  but presents mostly overviews.  Can conceivably go into greater depth, with longer lectures and videos.  Overall a good experience,  learnt quite a bit.  Thanks.
This course gave me another perspective in understanding the research methods. The materials are good. It is not a very demanding course but enriching. Thank you very much!
This course is a fundamental course to understand research methods. This is not completely suitable for science students but effective for social science related students.
Overall course was good i think more information should have been added to this so that we can get to learn more about research method, otherwise overall course was good.
I benefited from this course very well. i would love to see the teachers interacting with us. I feel peer assessment is great but not enough to know the final Guidance.
It is a good course especially for beginners but it could have been made better by adding some more videos on research approaches rather than just readings. Thank you!
It was really good to learn about the research, planning and managerial development. I enjoyed and also simultaneously I was able to grab many things from this course.
I really enjoyed learning about research methods and the course will help me undergo my recent research as I have understood the basic requirements for a good research
It was great experience to hear from all those people who discuses in scientific way the research journey .Great body of knowledge as well, i really enjoy the course .
It's a wonderful to participate in the understanding research methods it's very helpful to participate and get a good opportunity to learn new skills in this course.
I was looking to understand the basics of research and how to conduct it. This course taught me the essential ingredients needed to successfully conduct a research.
The course gives practical interviews to discuss research questions, and has good exercises to practise. But I find some contents are oriented at social sciences.
A great course introduce me to the research world. I like the interviews of researchers and the supporting materials? From which book did you get the material?
A good introduction to research methods if you do the required reading properly. The assignments are relevant and can be completed in a short amount of time.
ME PARECE UN MUY BUEN CURSO PERO ME PARECE QUE DE IGUAL FORMA SE DEBERÍAN ENFOCAR A COMO SE DEBEN CITAR LOS AUTORES QUE SE CONSULTAN PARA DISMINUIR EL PLAGIO
the course is great in founding the basics of research methodologies. A valuable addition will be major-related cours(e.g. science, physiology, ...)
It's a supporting thing for me.I realize more and more about the research and can create research thoroughly.Thanks for sharing your course.
Anyone with any background can improve his/her research skills through the E-tivity (Peer graded Assignments), It's a fantastic way to learn
Very useful course. It helped me get another view of the same thing. The assignement has helped me a lot in developing it as my research.
It contains good quality material. Moreover, it is concise and precise.But it must include sciences, it includes social sciences only.
It is a good course but kind of simple. I would have prefered more information inside the course and not as recommended literature.
l really liked the topics touched upon in this course. However , I would appreciate it a lot more if we had a few working examples.
Well organized timetable offering me different options to comply with the course, transcript of content and reach reading topics.
The process of grading does not really make sense. However, very informative and helpful for someone pursuing academic research.
Loved taking this course, as I'm doing a dissertation in my final year at university, it is very much applicable to my degree.
It is a well designed course. I think the style is different. But it would become more effective if more interviews included.
Really liked the supplementary materials provided in the course. Also liked hearing about research from various researchers.
This course is easy and good for researchers to study and conduct research in ease and with management with time bounding.
The course itself is quite informative and I learnt so much from it. I loved that the videos were to the point and short.
It was so nice to be a part of this course . lt was useful and recommended for others to build thier capacity in research
Wonderful set of assignments and course materials! It helped me to work on my drawbacks towards understanding research.
THIS WAS QUITE AN INTERESTING COURSE WHERE IN I LEARNT ABOUT RESEARCHING ITS METHODS, STRATERGIES AND ANALYTICAL PROSES
Even though very brief and laconic but this course is well loaded and full of important knowledge for budding scholars
This is a basic research course. If you don't have any idea on how to conduct a research, this is a good starter pack.
Interesting course, provides a good insight for beginners. Wish there were more assignments and multi choice quizzes.
I liked this course very much especially the e-tivity section. It is one of the best example of learning by doing.
very helpful for me who are interested in enrolling a PhD program in the near future to learn more about research.
It's very good!  Now I'm able to understand what is research question and why the crtisim is needed in research.
Right of amount of challenge.   Asssignments/Courseworks were good.  The Peer-Review Process should be improved.
Great set up with attainable and realistic assignments that are relevant and thought provo for a new researcher.
Very good for an introduction to the basic ideas of research and why it is undertaken. Enjoyed it very much!
The course contains a lot of useful material and walks it you through championing your research paper.
Good Course. Gives a lot of information for the research methods that are useful to do the research.
That was really a informative thing. I really appreciate  all the efforts of tutors and researchers.
It's great course, helped a lot with some steps that can be followed while conducting your research.
A great refresher course for people who are keen on picking up where they've left off academically
it's a great course. develop your understanding of research by discussion and reading materials.
Good course for Researchers and students. The course gives a framework for scientific research.
I enjoyed this course and look forward to taking more when offered by the University of London!
A method of chatting to a supervisor would be helpful. I don't know how to get my certificate?
This course is really good, it  helped me in how to identified the problem in real-time world
Such a usefull course to understand what is the research. Which skills required for research.
it is very interesting. the approach was attractive, which makes students  to be interactive
I really liked this course and thought it very useful for the elaboration of my own tesis.
it was very informative and has helped me understand what skills i was lacking previously
It was a good and informative course. I enjoyed studying it. Learned new things as well.
This is my first online course. this was great experience for me with this university.
It's a very succinct course. The bibliography gives you margins for deepening. Liked.
its a great course for people trying to get into research, it prepares you mentally .
It is a good course but more oriented towards literature and social science students.
Its helpful, but should be  more regerous and assignment oriented for effectiveness
Good course we learn a set skills that can help us on doing research in the future
This is very good course for the beginners for having a key concept of research
Cover other sections such as introduction and how to write literature review.
the interview with the experts from the academia had been quite enlightening
valuable course if ever you are thinking of conducting a research in future.
That is . very effective for starters. Very comprehensive and well organised
I learned a lot from this course esp. about research designs. thank you!
A very interesting course, but could use some more conceptual structure.
It helps me understand the dynamics of research Approaches and methods.
Very good learning methodology, good audiovisual content is manifested
very well explained by all the instructor but content should be more.
Should be a mandatory class before you have to do a research project.
Very useful and excellent course I have learned a lot about research
It ws very helpful course it gives broad idea about what research is
Its a good course for someone who doesn't have any idea on research.
It's an amazing course with wonderful thought provoking activities!!
This course was very useful for my research work beyond criticism.
very nice course , and the etivities are amazing totally recommend
Very useful to make a systematic analysis in the research process.
This was a good course. However I wish it could have been longer.
Explanation is good. Different people help to absorb information.
thank you for sharing bacis and fundamental info about research.
Wonderful course for everyone wanting to do effective research.
It was very interesting but I think it needs more activities
Some more examples from other courses can be incorporated.
Thank you for this very informative and worthwhile course!
This course help me to learn a lot.... thank you everyone
Really nice course for beginners who want to do research.
Great course for deep understanding about research method
Course is good to refresh your existing research skills
This is an excellent introduction to research methods.
I will follow the some instructions to develop myself
more in-depth analysis can make this course perfect
It is good and useful to learn to begin a research.
Very informative about how to do go about research
Amazing Course, Gets into every aspect of Research
wonderful class, so sad I didn't get to finish it.
It is a helpful course for beginners in research.
How do prepare in Research? that question clear.
The .pdf file made available for Week 3 is good.
very helpful to understand research methodology.
Wonderful course ,Peer learning is awesome ./
This course is really help full for beginners
Interesting information and good discussions
Really interesting for general information.
its very usefully  for all research fellow
Great course and quite easy to go through.
Very useful course for research beginners
It is a course that is very interesant
interesting it was a good experience
Very much helpful for research work.
It is very nice and helpful course.
good and nice course but not enough
It could have been more elaborated
It was a wonderful way of learning
Nice professor with a good content
Good course and a lot of benefits
it's approachable and relevant
i have learned a lot of thing
Brain storming for beginners.
It's very good for beginner
THANK YOU FOR THE GUIDANCE.
This is really interesti
It was good and helpful
its a great experience.
It is Great. Thank you!
Appreciated the work.
Very different topic
Such a great course.
Good course indeed.
it could be better
its help me alot
Good Day,This is my first Coursera ever! I am working on a course titled Understanding Research Methodology  and I have to say that I'm fully enjoying it as it is very well presented, very user friendly, and above that the videos and assignments are of great quality and thus benefit. I was surprised that it was so easy to go through yet so rewarding in terms of gained outcome, and i'm still in Week 1!I know I might be a bit over enthusiastic about Coursera as a newly joined member, yet I do value such great tools that enables us to grasp knowledge, share ideas, and get connected and interact with thousands of members via a virtual platform that resembles real life lectures.I cannot wait to finish this course and take more courses simply for the sake of acquiring knowledge, not only in the fiend of research methodology but in other interesting fields as well.I would like to Thank all mentors, especially Maryam Mahdavipour who has been fully and continuously responsive to my questions. Her amazing attitude was key in making my first course go smooth and be of great value. The world is indeed a nutshell, this is what Coursera has shown me so far, and I'm sure more knowledge and exciting learning experiences is yet to come.  Thank you Coursera and the University of London and the mentors for such an inspiring course and also  thanks to Dr. Noora Fetais from Qatar University for advising us to enroll in this course in my Ph.D. program. You all are helping me and fellow colleagues to set the right tone for our successful journey in research.  Thank youManal Mansour
It was a perfect course for understanding the research methods. It helps me a lot, thanks to the University of London and Coursera for providing this opportunity to enhance our Knowledge in research.
This is wonderful course especially for research scholars, one suggestion is instead of giving articles from books, please provide a PPT which will be more effective ! thank you for wonderful session.
The course was very  simple and easily understandable. The assignments were very interesting. The peer review activity provided scope to learn from the others too. It was a great learning experience.
very good course. The last e-activity was proposal preparation. It will be good if they add something about sampling in reading materials. Very good experience for me.....I will recommend this course
I got to learn a lot about various research methods which i did not know previously. The timing of presentation of various ideas was excellent. Reviewing classmates was a good learning experience.
It was a great course.Dr.Simon and Dr.Yenn did a great work in summarising and preparing great etivities.Dr.Sandra Halperin's research methods and views will stay for a long time with me.
I am a doctoral student. Our research often loses the purpose; however, if we think about the purpose of the literature review and the research question as this course "Understanding Research Methods", we will no longer be lost. It was a very good course that could be used for the actual research method. Thank you.
The course was very efficient and well written. The sources gave some amazing opinions. I hope I will be a able to make a good research paper using these guidelines. Thank you so much for you time.
I love the course content and time flexibility of this course. The assignments are very good and  especially the open discussion and review processes are great. Overall I like this kind of course.
thanks a lot for this course i think that it will help me to progress in research practice and to publish researches and to learn how to find answers to burning questions in my mind
Although it may seem a simple course, and it is focused on social sciences, it accomplishes what it purposes and can be tried for students of every area. It helps the learners to develop necessary skills in research, reflecting on the pertinence of a research question, the relevance of the literature review, the approaches the inquirer can use to conform his or her investigation, and the importance of time management. It contains interesting interviews with professionals researchers, who contribute for the learning process from different perspectives and experiences. An enriching course!
In terms of delivery, the course delivery was very simple, critical and relevant. The course content was very engaging as it included interviews with graduate students and professors alike who are doing their researches. Quite fittingly, I commend the creators of this course for recognizing the fact that most online courses on research methods out there focus on having a linear tackling of lesson topics. For this course, it stressed the key issues and reflections of individuals who are doing the actual rudiments of the thing we call "research". More importantly, this course was also critical and relevant in many respects as it allowed us to have some write-ups about the topics without requiring us to go through many readings. It is in this sense that I would say that it its relevant--concise and direct in its approach, the instructors have seen to it that what they are to discuss will be the things which new comers to the research endeavor might ask.Kudos to the team! And my warmest regards to all of you! =D
hoosing a research methodology depends on a number of factors, including the purpose of the research and the audience for whom the research is intended. If we consider the type of research that might go into producing a government policy document on the effectiveness of safe injection sites for reducing the public health risks of intravenous drug use, we would expect public administrators to want “hard” (i.e., quantitative) evidence of high reliability to help them make a policy decision. The most reliable data would come from an experimental or quasi-experimental research model in which a control group can be compared with an experimental group using quantitative measures.
This course is the best experience I ever have had although before the start, of course, I thought maybe the course outline will not be sufficient for me but as I proceed ahead, I was very much impressed by the dedications of researchers. The instructors of the course were amazing. Overall, I must recommend every learner to have this course as it is the best one I came across to help you "What is research with deep understanding. I must enjoy researching by now just because of this course offered by "University of London." Thank you, Coursera for giving us this amazing platform to polish our skills.
The best of its' kind in online courses. Highly motivational and innovative. Increased my leaning curiosity. Course materials and video presentations  were excellent. Thank to those who made it so good.
It has been a wonderful  course. What has impressed me most is the way how activities have been structured. You move from a scratch to a level where you can as well train others on how to write an excellent research proposal. I found reviewing colleagues  work very enriching. Well done  course designers.I am having challenges to purchase the certificate due to issues of bank card. Is it possible to purchase it using western Union money transfer? Please guide me.Sometime back I wrote you to say that I had challenges with with the bank card. However, I have managed to process it long at last. Would you please clear my payment line so that I can purchase my certificate?
It was a perfect course for understanding the research methods. It helps
 me a lot, thanks to the University of London and Coursera for providing
 this opportunity to enhance our Knowledge in research. I would like to Thank all mentors, especially Maryam Mahdavipour who 
has been fully and continuously responsive to my questions. Her amazing 
attitude was key in making my first course go smooth and be of great 
value. The world is indeed a nutshell, this is what Coursera has 
shown me so far, and I'm sure more knowledge and exciting learning 
experiences is yet to come.
Great course! I learnt a lot about the processes of planning a piece of research. This course doesn't go into a huge amount of depth (it's only a short, 4 week course) but it gives you a really good introduction and I would recommend it to anyone who is about to begin learning about research. This course gives you free access to about 4 different chapters from different textbooks that are really worth reading and learning from. Also, the interviews with university professors are really useful because they share their first-hand knowledge, experience and advice.
It is a very good introductory course on research methods. It has deepened my understanding of research methods. It has helped me to understand the role of literature review and research design. I also like its unique way of doing this course. Instead of lengthy lecturing, the course presents a few videos interviewing different researchers, having them talk about a certain topic. I've heard different views on the same topic, each of which makes a point.  It has definitely helped me to look at the same issue from different perspectives.
This course is well designed with experts sharing their valuable experiences about research. The interviews provides insights which helps us understand every detail to be taken care of while conducting a research. The study material provides an in-depth understanding of every concept and better understanding of the research process as a whole. This MOOC helped me understand research in a better way and the weekly assignments made the concepts learnt more applicable. Overall, this MOOC was a memorable experience.
I love the flexibility of the course which allows me to pace my learning in accordance with my own situation. What is interesting about this particular course is the sharing of the research community, not just by the instructors. As researchers face their own challenges and have their own perspectives of looking at research aspects, we see diversified opinions and ideas. The fact that we can share our own experience and assess other learners' assignments cultivates a solid constructivist-learning environment.
This was an interesting and less exhaustive than I thought of it to be in the initial stages while I signed up. There is this construct of how anything concerning "Research" is time consuming and very rigorous. This course surely broke the fourth wall of such a construct and I thoroughly enjoyed each and every video, materials and of course the Peer E-tivity which was new to me and also a process of learning. Thank you so much to both the Course Instructors its been an honor learning from you both.
good course ,this is  just a outline all over for research especially for qualitative thinker i mean who are from social science ,it is some what different from science . they are starting with open ended question .however  for science studying people it is converse .since the interviewed researchers are mainly from social ,so they have said in the point of social studies.However  this a outline .therefore  everything is same to make a research on whatever the thing except few points.
Evaluators can use a  to compare findings from qualitative and quantitative data sources. It involves collecting both types of data at roughly the same time; assessing information using parallel constructs for both types of data; separately analyzing both types of data; and comparing results through procedures such as a side-by-side comparison in a discussion, transforming the qualitative data set into quantitative scores, or jointly displaying both forms of data. convergent design
I am happy in participating the course as it helps me to think critically about the problem around my society,around the world.I also became able to know how others are thinking .I have learned from the course that it takes time to commit research so how better your thinking actually does little matter,you must give your time in this work efficiently.And how can i systematically doing my research is most important one that i have learned from the course.
This course while short is very informative and useful for those who are starting to do research be it undergraduate, postgraduate or doctorate, or even to those who are engaging or have completed one and doing another. It provides an overview of research methodology. Ideas were given from students and researchers giving students different perspectives on research skills. Highly recommend to those who are in higher education.
I was totally unaware about the research methods. So, after going through the course I understood about need for choosing and framing most useful research question, how to design it , deciding about research methodology , approach and time management skill. This will be useful for further study. Thank you all connected with course , university authority , co-students and all those involve with this programme. God bless you
Hello...I'm so blessed to have this platform ,it really helped me alot in my learning phase as well as in my research .Thank you for the coursera team to provide this opportunity to me .I really thanks to my online teachers who worked very effectively and prepared such an informative videos for our betterment.I will stay in contact with this platform and very special thanks to University of London ,SOAS for this course.
I am glad to have finished this course in a short span of time and have learned so many things about research. Thank you so much to all my generous classmates who have shown their interest in helping me gain knowledge through their feedback to my submitted tasks. Kudos to all the researchers around the world! Together let's contribute to build a better society for the future generation through our researches.
Very useful course. I'm sure this course have improved my understanding about research methods and will support me a lot in my future tasks. Thank you SOAS very much for offering this to us. Regarding assignments, they are all very helpful, but it would be great if you can review and make some further clarification for E-tivity 3, to ensure all learners have common understanding about what to do. Thank you!
The course, although it is basic has tips that can help you a lot in the development of a good investigation, there are phrases that stay in your head, some cold like "You must be able to stop your investigation if you evaluate that it does not have any sense and that it does not go anywhere. That must be the hardest thing for a researcher who has spent a lot of time and even sleepless nights on a job.
The course is extremely useful for all the intending researchers. Although, students learn many things from their supervisors and colleagues, the learning is not structured and eventually they waste more time and sometimes fails to recognize if their research is not meaningful. This course provides clear guidelines for a systematic and meaningful research. I recommend this course to every researcher.
i think this is very effective course for those who want to do a research first time. this course can help you to think deeply . you can learn some unique technique to start your research. such as worldview is very important and effective topics.thanks dear course coordinator Dr. J. Simon Rofe and Dr. Yenn Lee for your best quality lecture. thanks to coursera for arrange this course for us.
Flexible online course and informative videos. You'll reap valuable benefits if you commit to the E-tivities. If you just do it for the sake of doing it and not learning anything, you'll gain nothing. The E-tivities are suitable for the course environment. This course provides a basic understanding of what to expect when conducting research. A good start for a novice researcher like me.
This course has helped me to build a mini proposal, for a paper I've been thinking about for two years. I owe the course its encouragement and giving me the 'push' to write something on this subject. I will always remember a sentence from the last video: "Research isn't something one does between 9 and 5. It's something you wake up in the small hours of the morning thinking about."
No doubt I have learned a lot from this course. Deep insight regarding research methodology. My capabilities are now being enhanced to write a research proposal as compared to before starting of this course. Now the sequence of the research proposal will be more clear and in logical pattern. I tried it again to write, now the first proposal has been improved in understanding.
I am really impressed with the opinion and examples from different scholars on each topic of each lesson of the week. This gives me a better grasp on understanding Research Methodology Clearer which I couldn't even attain when I was in my unstandardized college in Cambodia. I'd definitely recommend this course to my fellow and junior classmates who wish to study research.
Learned a lot from the course. It expanded the mind on research methods. The videos shared are inspiring and very informative. Grateful to the people behind this course. Happy to know that are people coming from different backgrounds joined the course. Nice to read their comments and reviews on my work.  Thumbs up to the professors who facilitated in this undertaking. 😊
Now I can easily figure out how to start, run and enrich my research paper and make it valuable. Thanks a lot to coursera for running such useful free online courses and making knowledge free for students like me. And also thanks a lot to University of London. I've really enjoyed my course under my incredible instructors Dr. J Simon Rofe and Dr. Yenn Lee.
It was nice and abundant for the 'basic' understanding about research methods. It leads to the further more deepen methodological approaches. If you already know about qualitative or quantitative something, it will be easy for you however if you are unfamiliar any other methodological approaches, this course give you essential information about that.
This seemed like a course that people at any education level can benefit from immensely and also can complete within a short time. Different perspectives about the same concept from different exemplars especially make sure you connect to the views. As for myself, it cleared up Literature reviews for me with which I had been struggling for long!
To be honest, when I heard about this course I said to my self what can I get from it? I have been studied research method before, but after I listened to the videos and read the documents, I realised that, there are lots of knowledge that I really want to study it more and more. I recommend this course for all students. It is really helpful.
In general, many consider the literature review to be a less important and time-consuming activity. The course helps in understanding the importance of reviewing the literature ....it is the foundation of success for any research activity. Thanks to Simon, Yen and Dr. Sandra. Their explanations helped me in understanding the concepts better.
A course which is highly recommended for people who would like a short, primer type, introduction to research. The videos were short, simple and at the same time very informative. People, especially beginning researchers, think research is all about statistics. this is not the case and this course will orient you in the right direction.
Really well explained and well crafted course. Many things to learn in fact with reference to the knowledge of how to conduct literature review and selection of research methods band research design. I have gained some great experiences while undergoing the course. Thank you again. Will look forward for more courses in near future.
"Understanding Research Methods" is one of the best course in Coursera. I would like to thank to the University
of London and Coursera for providing me this great opportunity to upgrade &
enhance my Knowledge in research area. All the topics are well presented
and explained. From all the videos and assignments I have learnt a lot.
Research is the systematic process of collecting and analysing  information in order to increase our understanding of the phenomenon with which we are concerned or intersted .Research must be systrmatic -it follows certain steps that are logical order Understanding the nature of problems to be studied and idenntifying the relatesd
An excellent course for understanding what research is and what are the steps taken to undergo any kind of research,how to choose a topic of research  and most importantly, the utility of a research.It also aims on the quality of research,different approaches and how should it be presented in writing properly to convince others.
It good and helpful to what is e_ tivity and then how to work useful for we need a special skill then we use to now how to work it first we make use the video the we object it then we finished it very will we should no what use this and it many times very to students and their can make use of it is are to knowledge are education
This course helped me a lot to get the correct insight of what research methodology is, how to pose a research question and hot to know to be a good researcher. It was pleasant to listen top notch exemplars and to learn them from their experiences. The activities were also beneficial to flourish in writing and assessing skills.
I really loved this course. The topics are very well explained and helps us in understanding the content in depth. I personally loved this subject because as a BBA student, it helped me a lot to improve my knowledge in research methodology. Those who would like to know more about research should certainly go for this course.
If you are not sure on how to start your research proposal, this is your first stop. Short, concise videos, precice, good readings and quick feedback response. I only wish it was longer and covered each unit of the proposed book weekly. It cleared many doubts and I feel confident to keep learning about this topic on my own.
Best Course !!. Well detail about research work has given, Best course for students in science I would like to give suggestion that one module should be for literature review and citation of the problem, So, students can understand more details about importance of literature survey and how they can summarizing literature .
Enjoyable, informative, and admirable succinct in 4 weeks or parts. At about 2 hours per part it took me a few days. Exceeded my expectations. I learnt what to do, and how to assess quality and value for a literature review in week 2. Research question in week 2 and research design in week 3 were particularly valuable.
The course was nicely designed and helped me to explore new perspectives and expand my questioning skills to master them. Moreover, it provided valuable real-life experiences and advices from senior scholars which improved the practicality of the course. Thank you for everything, dear University of London and the Team!
Understanding Research Methods gave ooverview of the current
research topic or area of study under consideration. Also learned Objective of
the literature review and significant sources selected for the current work. Added
too Discussion of both the distinctiveness of each source and its similarities
with the others.
It was a really good experience,the course "understanding research methods" 'fulfilled' what it exactly' meant to be, with the support of the instructors,chapters and further readings.The systematic procedures,the methods, in-depth research.I would recommend to those who are serious and ongoing with their research.
This course has given me so much to think about. It allowed me to assess myself, whether or not I'm ready to conduct my own research and if I have the necessary skills needed to properly conduct one. I'm so thankful for this course because it gave me the missing pieces of information I need in my research study.
Excellent teaching approach. I enjoyed every bit of the course delivery. Thanks for allowing me to gain insight into research. I only wished I had the financial capacity now to obtain a certificate. Kindly, inform me on the next start date in advance, in order to enable me to make payments before course start.
The tips and answers I got to my questions through this course are just ideal. I would like to thank the instructors. It would be truly helpful and interesting to see such an online course for Research Methods in Natural and Life Sciences in the future! I would love to attend such a course also.Thank you!
aw, I loved the course curriculum and its decorative aspects. helped me a lot to gain a piece of knowledge about research and research mythology. I would recommend this course who are interested or feeling enthusiastic to do know about the research proposals and want to make some of their own research.
Big thanks! The videos and readings are very informative. The assessments are highly appropriate and responsive to the needs of the course takers. The peer review process builds confidence among students and facilitates immediate feedbacking. This I believe is one of the best features of the course.
Thank you so much for this course. I spend time with the best researchers. When I hear the discussion I enjoy it because it was extremely useful for me. Faintly , I want to shear my proposal to get a feedback and criticism because I would to improve and enhance my researcher skills. Thanks again..
Very thought provoking course.  The online content was well presented, and the supporting reading was highly quality, relevant material that expanded my knowledge on this subject and I am sure it will be really helpful in improving my future research projects and planning.  Highly recommended.
I found this course to be very pragmatic as a beginner researcher. The instructors touch upon very crucial and core elements of research that is applicable across disciplines. A conventional understanding of this course can make a difference between conducting 'research' and 'good research'.
The course is very simply organised and taught, and easy to follow independently of having any experience with research methods. The course is practical which really helps to get an idea of the 1st phases of the research process: defining your research question and doing a literature review.
I loved this course! I recommend it to everyone who is working with research or plan to do so in the future. I enjoyed the reading material and I believe the videos were simple to understand and insightful at the same time. It enabled me to see the research process with a deeper purpose.
Thanks a lot. entire team had made great amount of efforts to make this course so much easy to understand. so many things we can learnt and have clear view about research, literature review, research approach and design etc. Once again Thanks to coursera and university of london. Thanks.
O curso é prático e direto. Obtive muito conhecimento de como proceder uma pesquisa. Eu recomendarei aos amigos professores do meu trabalho. (The course is practical and direct. I got a lot of knowledge of how to conduct a search. I will recommend to my friends the teachers of my work.)
An interaction-based learning course.Enjoyed the course. It was very interesting to see the opinions of different scholars, rather than going by books or articles. Also, the reading material shared in all is amazing and helped in understanding the concept of each aspect discussed.
This is a great course if you're interested in academic research. The interviews are especially good. The short length of the interviews and the assigned reading are an excellent combination since they give you direction, but also allow room for independent, in-depth study.
dear concerned, i'm your student  from Ethiopia and completed my course . but now to take certificate payment is necessary; so our county Ethiopia has no electronic payment online. by considering this if you  support me by delivering certificate  or any sponsor. thank you.
The topic string was very useful. The placements made by the researchers in the videos helped to elaborate reflections about the vicissitudes of good research and the texts were very illuminating about the importance and aspects of the elaboration of the research proposal.
The course was clear and easy to follow. Videos were very helpful and I really like the general structure of the course, especially peer review, which is fundamental for researchers in order to understand other people's research and have more insights into their own work.
I enjoyed the interviews and the tips/suggestions offered in terms of assisting me as a "new learner" to make sure that I submit researchable topics and a research project that aligns to a good design process. Thank you to Coursera for the opportunity, you have done well.
The course was designed very well and trough exemplar give the basic information of research which usually the researcher do not have. Those who are interested to do a good research in their fields must do this course to understand the essential elements of the research.
Thank you for the knowledge I have gathered here, coursera.org. Understanding Research Methods brings me a lot of idea for my incoming capstone type, CE Project Design as a partial requirement of mine to finish the program I am taking which is Civil Engineering program.
This course is really helpful to understand the significance of research process and how one can involve in a good quality research work. The content of the course was very informative and all the assignment tasks were interesting to learn the actual research process.
A good and research oriented course.I like the way different people were interviewed and their point of view was recorded.This gave me a different understanding for each of the topic.At the end I earned a certificate which have really good impression on my resume.
I discovered this course at the exact same time that I was starting to compose a research question to pursue the acceptance of a master degree. It has a very easy to follow peace, activities that make sense and the right amount of content. Highly recommended.
A good combination of pracitical advice from real researchers and theoretical background of research methods and approaches.  Time estimates for readings could be improved, as it took me substantially longer to finish a "30 minutes long reading". Thank you!
it can include more areas like research methods explanation but course was good only thing i found repeated is that focus is only on researcher's experience and their thoughts but not much on research learnings like how one can start or end the project .
This course has helped me clear many doubts related to the research. I was confused a bit before enrolling into the course but now I think i know what exactly means to be a good research. I liked the way the assignments were done. Thank you, it was fun.
Understanding Research methods have thrown a light  on how to choose a Research and what makes a good research question,benefits of conducting literature review and methods to follow.planning and management were known with the experienced Researchers.
Its a concise and meaningful course, will provide better shape to thoughts of a potential reseracher to understand framework of designing one's own reserach. It will definitely gives broader insights on step by step planning and management skills too.
This course indeed offers confidence in research and also a broader understanding of research methods for beginners in the field. I would recommend more e-tivities be introduced that go deep into a literature review and quantitative research methods.
i would really like to thank my lecturer for introducing this page to me where i gain a lot experience through getting feedback from my peers . Nevertheless, i learn to accept comment even its bad or dissatisfying i still do accept now to be better.
I learned a lot from taking this course. I enjoyed being able to see and evaluate the works of others and get feedback from the other learners on how I am progressing. It would also be helpful if we also get feedback from our instructors as well.
It was a great journey to the knowledge acquired. More interesting part was  a flexible intellectual interactions during the course of study. I highly recommend  future scholars to join such platform for a greater journey to academic excellence.
As an introductory course, it is helpful and educative. Although it provides little straight-to-use kind of information. I was expecting to see some guidance on how to find literature related to your topic or which databases should you check.
As a student and researcher wannabe, this course is really helpful in introducing key aspects and an overhead view of the structure of research. The materials are very good and the activities really help you in getting a grip on the subject.
I find the course very easy to understand despite the compleity of the topics. The related readings were very helpful and the videos of actual researchers sharing their personal experience in doing research were all very inspiring. Thank you
It is a unique way of understanding the philosophy and methods of research in a dialectic method. it has imparted various skills needed for scientific research.  it was a wonderful experience and will be a milestone in my future endeavours.
The course was absolutely helpful even for a beginner like me. This gave me good confidence and determination to step into research in the future. The course teachers did really a wonderful job.Really happy that I have joined this course.
Taking this course has indeed improved and deepened my intellectual rigor and it has motivated me to take additional courses on Research Methods from University of Amsterdam. The Course is an eye opener into the world of Research Methods.
This course was simply excellent. It was well-structured, and had a great flow. The instructors were wonderful, and the assignments were enjoyable and fun. The reading materials were extremely helpful. Would highly recommend this course.
Dear Coursera team, Thanks for providing the course. It gives best over view about Research Methodology. It tells us how to ask/design a research questions, how to plan, literature review and what are different types of research methods.
The course is very useful for students writing their course works, people who conduct researches and project managers who plan and manage implemantation of a project. The course gives valuable information and it worths to be completed.
Useful course, good to watch videos of researchers across the globe and understand their perspective. There were good exercises at the end of each week and then opportunity to review submission of your colleagues. Thoroughly enjoyed !!
A course that suited you all the peoples who wants to conduct a research, but confused where to start, just like me. This course will give you a deep understanding about everything you need to know to start your research from scratch.
It is a good course for those who are interested in research, the course material and the E-tivities were very helpful. I would recommend this course to anyone who wants to pursue a career in Research or who is interested in Research.
Nice course, really innovative way of teaching.However, I would only recommend this course to undergraduate student or people who are interested in research but do not have any background since this is clearly an introduction course.
Understanding Research methods has been of great benefit to me. Helping greatly In understanding and improving my own research process and foremost that MOOC courses do work for me around my schedule.Big kudos and Thanks to the team.
it is an excellent course! I am conscious about the need to perform more researach. I have learned the basic yet key essential factors that can help me start doing more research. The tasks are meaningful and the trainers are superb!
proper presentation of how to approach research was there. I like doing peer-graded assignments in this course. Getting reviews from various people on your understanding of concepts is very good. I really enjoyed doing this course.
Thanks a lot for giving an opportunity to learn some very important tips for writing good literature review and research question. The instructors talked in detail to make us understand everything. Good course to go with research.
The mentor is always there to assist you and is very approachable and active. It allows you to collaborate with your peers. Review of your work is very fast. You do not need to wait for a week for you to be able to see your grade.
This course was my beginning to learn research methods. It created my interest in research methods and I did more work, studies past researches with the new perspective added by this course. I am happy that I selected this course.
The structure of this course is not just informative but also entertaining! I like their approach! It inspires me to pursue research field and I am happy to meet devoted researchers through this course. Really amazing experience.
It is a good platform for students who actually want to study or want to know more about the various aspects of their study. I am a researcher and I learned here some extra about research approaches, thanku and keep doing this.
I loved this course . The materials that are provided are very good and videos also helps in understanding the topics . The e-activity are helpful in find out how well you understood that topic. So overall very good experience.
The manner of teaching is really good. Precise to the core yet explaining the depth of the various contents one has to tackle and finalize in his/her research. The reading content specifically is really informative and useful.
It was a very informative course for all students who want to research in their academics career. It will help in developing a good research question and for managing time and design that how research can be more effective.
Its very informative and helpful for anyone who wishes to learn the basic aspects of research. It gives one a lot of things to ponder on, and assists one in going about their research in a systematic and organised manner.
The course was a great overview on how to develop a research paper in terms of developing the topic, how to structure the research exercise, time management skills, and the various types of research approaches and types.
Very nice introduction on Research Methods. The interviews with several scholars and researches truly give meaning to the course' contents and enlighten the path on discovering how to use the Research Methods on our own.
Very good course that summarizes what a new researcher especially needs to know as you enter the world of research. This course helped to build my confidence, and I am hoping to embark on a research program soon. Thanks.
It was a great experience to listen to some researchers talking about their methods and understanding of research. I would suggest the instructors, along with the discussion they should also teach the research methods.
I enjoyed a lot during completing this course, There was nothing hard to understand. And absolutely the course have helped me a lot to understand some basics and important issues to conducting a proper research. Thanks
This course gives a good understanding of what is a research, what is a good research, how to do a research successfully. The interviews were really nice where the experts express their opinion in an effective manner.
I had wonderful experiences throughout the course and have learnt many things from identifying the problem, research questions, various research designs. Thank you so much for the Professors who handled the course.
This is a clear and easy to understand grounding in research methods. I enjoyed the videos and feel I am better equipped to structure my approach to a research project in a way that is more likely to be successful.
An Excellent course to understand the basics of how to do Research and why one must carry out it in an extensively planned fashion. Gives the course taker a wider perspective and a motivation to carry out research.
When I take this course before, I totally have no idea of research methods. However, I took this course, then I could figure out my research proposal. It was really helpful and useful to me. Thanks for the courses.
It was an excelent and perfect course for understanding the research methods. It helps me a lot, thanks to the University of London and Coursera for providing this opportunity to enhance our Knowledge in research.
Really useful course for ones who are thinking about career in science. Helped me a lot to understand how to write my PhD thesys and what I'm going to face while conducting my first recearch.Thank you very much!!!
This course gives an overall idea about Research Methods to a beginner.  With the assessments it also enables one to do a deeper research in the interested area.  Peer review helps by giving a different prospect.
This course has given me a new energy to move on with my research. I loved the advice on the need to plan and manage well and to ensure one writes something everyday. Thank you and I look forward for more topics.
This course is extremely helpful for researchers. I truly learned a lot. I have been impressed by learning approaches like peer reviews, video interviews. That's amazing to have a lot of ideas from many experts.
Thank you so much. It was an absolute pleasure to take this course and I'm so appreciative of everything I got to learn. Answered many of the questions I had regarding research before I took the course. Cheers.
Excellent. In a very short time it can help you to understand how research work? Peer Review method is excellent and everybody is very cooperative. I will recommend this course to all young researchers like me.
Really informative , I would recommend this for any new researcher (junior or otherwise). I like also that it provides perspective for research methods in various very different fields. Kind regardsAdel Gougam
I had fun reading the research resources, watching the videos, responding in every week's e-tivity and reviewing my peersv assignments. I learned a lot from the reviews of my fellow classmates in this course.
It was well designed and paced. It gave meaningful insight and supported my need in revising my research plans. Thank you to the course instructors and to all the course mates who made the learning possible.
Very Enjoyable Course, Research is so important and this class really helped me understand the methods more deeply. Thank you and I look forward to more of these courses.Meg Harlin, MSMT (ASCP), CLS (NCA)
Very good and simple course. It gives plenty of written assignments and chapters to base them off. I feel like, after taking this course my ability to formulate a good research paper has greatly approved.
Its a wonderful course for all research students and beginners to have a good understanding of research methods and Review of Literature in general. I would endorse this course for all research scholars.
Such a nice helped me to get a clear idea of how to do a research project. Videos have helped me to get perspectives from different lecturers. Feeling happy about the course. A great course by courseera
This is very helpful if you want to refresh your ideas about research particularly on the methods used. Thank you Coursera and University of London for bringing this material for free. More power.
The course is different from the usual lecture-oriented course. The views of different researchers on research methods provides meaningful insight. I enjoyed watching the interviews. Thank you.
understanding research methods are very useful to me. it is a very good approach for all the scholar students who are studied. A very good platform for learning everything. thank you very much.
I am very lucky  to do the course through coursera. The reading  material is and resourses are arranged in an efficient order. Resourceful RPs. Really amazing and wonderful  corse arrangement.
I am a first generation graduate in my family and my exposure to the aspects of research is minimal. This course expanded my knowledge on research methods. Thanks to the teachers of coursera.
The course was very informative and provides comprehensive information about Research methodology, review of literature and planning to be done for successful completion of proposed research.
This is truly a great lesson for a biggner to learn and understand what is about "Research". The 4 -week lessons helped me to build a clear structure for the procedure of a research purpose.
This course really helps me understanding how to make a good research project. As a lecturer, it is really helpful and insightful. Thank you very much, especially to the coaches. Keep it up!
It is a useful course and the teaching materials; especially the video lessons are engaging. This course has helped me to improve my research skill. Thanks to the instructors and Coursera.
Highly useful course! It change my attitude towards Research and writing a project proposal. I recommend this course for the students/academicians who are interested in pursuing Research!
very good and to the point course, nothing excess, instructors both simon and yenn are good. All the interviewees also gave very helpful insights on reseaching, Thank you simon and yenn!
It was really my good experience of online learning, Your video structure well design with proper step. I really understood about research; and now able to start research writing. Thanks
Amazing course which will help you navigate through the course of actions with your research. It really helped me understand how it should be done and where should I focus my energy to.
Exceptionally well organized course. It provides deep insight into complex elements of research methodology like Literature Review. I highly recommend it to students and professionals.
Great Course. However, the course can be enhanced if it is extended to cover more explanation on;Analysis of data in mixed-method research Validity and Reliability of Research Findings
Thanks to the organisers team , i enjoyed very much to know about the reasearch review about a topic...& I should thank to my peers also to reviewed &discussed in my assignment topic.
The Course gave an insight into the basics of the research methods. This has brought a clarity to me as a teacher and researcher. A good combination of reading, listening and writing.
The course gave me insights into various approaches to research. It also gave me an understanding of different methods to solve a problem. I am happy indeed to have taken this course.
The course is amazing as it provides a deeper insight into the various nuances of the activities that one needs to take care which carrying out quality research of world class repute.
Tis a simple and good module for beginners to plan and understand various strategies in organizing themselves for impactful research and hear tips from various experts in the field..
As a new and a beginner as a researcher, this course was extremely helpful. The speakers guide us and give us a clarity in regards with many problems that might occur in the future.
the course was very interesting and i have benefited more about understanding research methods  it will help me do a good research by applying what i have learnt. thank you so much.
Known more about various types of reviews, Important elements of literature review, planning and management skills and how to frame a research question. Thanks to the Instructors..
It is a very important course, especially in the field of academic writing and research. I hope will stand a better chance to carry out better research after this course. Thanks.
Please do have this course as in a rookie or a pro, it's beneficial to both. Though these are basics, but these fundamentals and principles of research can help in the long run.
Is quite easy, very well contextualized in any research field. I'd recommend it prior your first research or to refresh your basics on research methods structure. Good advices.
Excellent Course has been designed to learn research Approach, Research Design and Methodology. I am highly benefited by this course and it helps me a lot to pursue my PhD work
it's an amazing course .there aren't many courses on research field specifically so this course had helped e a lot and made me a lot more comfortable with my research interest
Very informative course with clear and concise content for easier comprehension. A must for anyone looking to improve researching skills and understand the basics of research.
The course is very nice to understand the basics of scientific research, the presentation is excellent and the information is easy to understand. Thank you very much, regards
This is an excellent course for those who are new to research. For those who have already been in research there is more to gain from further readings provided in the course.
Horrible.  This course is too fun, too short, and a big teaser.  The discussion forum is congenial and academically stimulating.  I hope it leads to a follow-up continuation.
This course contained very useful lessons and information that added knowledge to my understanding of the basics research methods. Very informative and enjoyable experience.
This online course is very useful for me to learn. Time management and very much eager to learn next. Very informative and expert talk makes me to get a new idea. Thank you
I found this course "Understanding Research Methods" very much useful and informative. It is really relevant who is in research work, no matter what background he/she has.
This is nice course for beginners in research. Instead of giving theoretical account of description of research methodology it enables the audience dive into the research.
Peer reviews most of the time are two word phrases or random standardised responses. Would be nice to receive actual feedback from someone who has something to contribute.
It was a really good experience,and evolved my writing and academic skills more.However this is not the time to stop from learning.A lot of good courses are left to finish
This course helped me to improve my understanding on research methods. Especially how to formulate a research question, the use of literature review and how to select a p
This course is very much helpful for me to understand how to write research questionnaire,Necessity of Literature Review and pillars of good research proposal.Thank You.
Understanding Research Methods provide all over guidance regarding research methodology. This course is necessary for all researcher  if they want to do proper research.
through this course we can understand how useful the research defines .. it is key element in all nature of circumstances. to any new findings research is very important
The course delivered a very important important aspect of research -ORIENTATION TO SEEK KNOWLEDGE THE SCIENTIFIC WAY !!! THANK YOU COURSE ERA AND THE UNIVERSITY TEAM .
Easy to cope with this course. Straight and stepwise in explanation to new research seakers . Thanks for a great opportunity to meet the teachers . Have a great time
I only wish there would be more content, more time and exercises to practice. I know this is a light online course, and it was splendid. But I was hungry for more!!
Excellent Course! E-activity were so apt and so much learning. It will surely help me in my UX future. Its will apply in on career front as on our our personal end.
Very informative course. It provided a lot of insight on how to go about research for an amateur like me. Really helpful if you want to improve your research skills
This course should take by the researcher especially those who has problem in their research, they will give you helpful advice and know the opinion of some expert
Well planned!! course, gives you insight into research planning and time management. Professionals suggestions and tips are worth. Great experience and learning.
High-quality content at a very affordable price. Enjoyed the way the basics of research methods were explained, in a very simple & lucid manner, Thanks a lot...
This course has surely helped in gaining  an insight over research methodology and importance of reviewing literature in a short span of time very effectively.
Very much helped in improving my knowledge on Research Methods, as i have been teaching for 5 years Engineering Research Methodology and IPR for MTech students
This course has enlightened my approach towards research in very good way. The experiences and approaches discussed as well presented have helped learn better.
It is very effective and quite interesting course for all those who are interested in the research field. Thank you so much for providing us this opportunity.
I like the courses privided this plateform because they made it very interestingly and specially the peer review technique of evaluation is very interesting.
Thanks for the course. I have learned many new things. Thank you so much for Simon and his colleague. hope to attend anther course with you.Thanks againNabil
Excellent introduction for a first time researcher. Very helpful and well structured. Thank you, I am inspired to continue studying as I feel more confident.
Solid and to the point. It will not get you ready to do a research, but it will give you the tools to design a solid enough draft or question for a research,
It's very important to know the pros and cons of research process for a researcher. It this regard, this course is mind-blowing and extremely helpful for me
this course gives the confident to the students to undertake any critical thinking systematically. Those who are new to research world,will be very helpful.
Through this course I could easily understand all methods of research. Now it is helping me to select the appropriate method to make the research fruitful.
It is one of the best courses I have applied for and a great course explaining in detail about a process researchers and academic people take for granted.
The course helped me to understand the basics of research. Also received some important reading materials on the topic. Worth for the efforts. Thank you.
First experience as a peer-reviewed course rather than the conventional faculty-rated approach. It was fun learning and helping others to learn as well!
Thanks for providing a super excellent course understanding research methods.I have learnt  lot of techniques and management skill . Gunjan kumar india
It has been put in  the sense that it's easy to understand and deal with .It's a nice one ,I recomend it though I dont know what others preference are.
I absolutely love learning about the research methods from these amazing folks. I highly recommend this course one who wants to learn about research.
Dr. Simon have all the patient to teach you, the contents are really easy to understand, the material is really good to learn about research methods.
The videos of comments about various aspects of research from multiple academicians, which were made a part of the course was extremely informative.
I found the course and the reading material provided to be very useful. I do highly recommend this to all who are in their early days into research.
Very inspiring course I have ever taken, great teachers and great teammates, appreciate the team's efforts for bringing this course into real life.
Great Course with Great Teachers ! Thanks for Improving my Rational Thinking about research topics which I am about to Face in my future education.
I love the assignments and works given. It gave me a general knowledge of Research Methods and how it can be used to make my Research work better!
This course was really interesting and i like how the communicators really got the point of each video. Explanations were very clear and precised.
Really loved this course. It was completely understandable and easy to apply to my own project. I only wish there was more to the review function!
It is very well organised and the topic is explained properly in the form of interview so that we are able to know the views of different experts
A great understanding from renowned professors around the world. I have learned about research methodology which is highly motivating. Thanks :)
It is a very interesting course. It helps me to explore and develop the research idea which is hidden in my mind. It makes me a good researcher.
I had so much fun and new learn new things in this course. I like how my classmates complement my assignments. thank you coursera and DOST.
it was a very good course specially being my first course at this coursera program it really helped me develop the basic sense of research.
I'm very much happy that i have been able to complete this course.This course taught me social research very well and in an enjoyable way.
The course has got a very innovative design. It does shows the world the teaching-learning process can be really so simple and effective.
Excellent way of learning through a systemic approach by the scholars interviews and documentation. A complete basic research guidelines.
Thanks for this well-designed course. I really benefited from it and I will recommend it for other colleagues. All the best from Jordan!
Thank you so much for this great opportunity for learning Research Methods. It is a nice course for those who are doing their research.
I had a great time. I learnt how to understand research methods and how to solve research questions. What a great experience. Thank you
This course was well planned. I have gained more skills in research methodologies, and this is an added advantage to complete my MPhil.
The course on Understanding Research Methods has given me confidence and helped me to learn the aspects in doing research from scratch.
What an amazing organisation pf material and assignment.  Its really worthful. The material that provided is really helpful in future.
Great course providing a comprehensive overview of research methods and how to use them and assess how they were properly implemented!
An excellent overview in understanding research methods, definitely helpful for anyone who wants to go into a research-oriented field.
Soft and light, but very essential and necessary course. I recommend this course to anyone, generally, interested in research methods.
The course Understanding Research Methods is a wonderful course that perfectly plugs the gap that new entrants in research experience.
with the knowledge gained from this course i am now able to focus on the relevant things i need in other to perform my research topic
This course helped me a lot to develop my knowledge in research methods, Now i can proceed with my research study. Thank you coursera
this course is very useful for all of us who worked in education and research field, the working principle and review is very useful.
The course is fantastic, it allows the application of knowledge to practice, it promotes theory. It's a fundamental training process.
It was a good and clear course that helped me organize myself and understand better the requierments to do a quality scientific work.
I found this course very helpful, especially for the fact that I'm learning research methodology as one of my courses this semester.
It was really knowledgeable course..ileaned many things from this course..thank you so much for such a wonderful and valuable course
The best! Thank you, University of London, SOAS University of London (Dr. J. Simon Rofe and Dr. Yenn Lee) and Coursera. More Power!
Very interactive course, well explained. It is also allow feedback form other students which I find very valuable. Very recommended
EVERYTHING IN THIS COURSE ARE AWESOME. VERY INFORMATIVE AND TOPICS IS REALLY APPROPRIATE TO THE COURSE AS WELL AS THE ACTIVITIES.
Its a wonderful subject about researchband its an initiative step for me in my researchwork  . I m happy to complete this course.
Enhanced my skill for writing a valid and appropriate research review. The importance of research approaches were duly magnified.
This is my first course on this platform. Many complex aspects of the research are described in very simple words and definitions
This course was very helpful and insightful. Specially, the peer review system was truly something which added worth to our work.
There is a new education system where I evaluate my peers and my peers rate me.
Although the lectures weren't much, they helped.
Good course if you are under graduate or research professional who want to brush up on key aspects of research and its methods.
this course is really helpful to enhance your critical thinking and skills to think over the project and put questions about it
Very informative course and should be taken by all those who plan to be good researchers. The study resources are really great!
I am really enjoying this course that helps me to learn from my colleagues across the globe. Great work done for this platform.
Excellent Course for the beginners who would like to pursue research. The topics covered are very relevant for Social Sciences
The readings were really nice and easy to understand and overall experience of learning about the research has been very good.
The course was fun and interesting. Learned some basics on how and where to start. Thanks to the mentors and speakers as well.
This course give a lot of information that are so important regarding our studies. I hope it help a lot of future researchers.
It was a very simple yet helpful course that covered most aspects about developing a research and making it a successful one.
This course really helps the student to analyze, review and think critically about formulating and doing research. Thank you!
It was really fun to do this course, I loved the way course is structured . Looking forward to  more such courses in future.
I will give 5 points Full y satisfied by the course and the instructors have shared the valuable information to the students
Just a short course but you will learn and realize broader and wider than what you thought when you first scan this course.
Very helpfull course, speially if you are planning on writting an essay or perhaps if you are seeking to write your thesis.
Excellent course. This course is extremely helpful for the research beginners and those who have already experts. Thank you
I like it very much. I have learnt 1st of all a study technique and also learnt a lot of informations related to research.
Very nice course. Every students who wants to study abroad must do this course. Thank you University of London & Coursera.
This is a good avenue to gather information and to contribute to the body of knowledge even at your smallest contribution!
The approach is very simple yet very effective. It helped me a lot and cleared a lots of double about writing a research.
It was a very good session,,great learning experience..Keep it up.Hoping to look forward for some more courses like this.
In learning the precepts of carrying out research and its methods, this course stands me in better stead as a researcher.
an excellent course to understand the research methods. i would recommend this course to all who need to learn research.
Excellent course with finest material included. Best course for beginners for researchers and best instructors included.
Interviews of expert in the field of research ,links chapters & ways are present for thesis,papers research are present
The course has been very helpful to my proposal writing and will contribute immensely to my thesis writing. Thank you.
Very helpful content, clear practical uses, easy for everyone to understand. Thanks to provider who make this course.
it was a nicely put together source of information that gives a clear simple overview of what research is all about.
This course should include research scopes in London university and there ongoing projects should also be mentioned.
Thank you for the opportunity to participate in this class! The lessons  challenged me in new ways I never expected!
aptly describes the things one should keep in mind during research, gives an extreme overview on literature review.
It really enriched my knowledge about research. Everyone who wish to learn about research can undergo this course.
It very good work......now i learned about research... And i started to research somthing in the field of business
A great course which is right to the point and has a good mixture of teaching techniques, to cement the learning.
Excellent course for the research scholars/researchers. It was an informative and fully organised compact course.
Great course with thought provoking discussions which give new meaning to academic research and food for thought.
It has been a pretty useful course to me as I needed to start from scratch in understanding the research methods.
Brilliant course in Research methodology, which broadens a students research horizons and acts as an eye opener!
It was a very helpful tool to find. I love the way it was made, simple, and consistent. Nice work and thank you.
very helpful and the exchanging of views and ideas is really helpful in understanding and exploring the topics.
This is a wonderful course that enables you to explore your hidden potential and guide for research management.
Extremely useful approach of interviewing researchers and understanding through their inputs! Very interesting.
A very inspiring and a real masterpiece in this field it was very informative so thank you i am really grateful
I must commend the institution and the platform to have given me the opportunity to be a part of the program.
The course provides very good reading materials and lectures for people who have just started doing research.
I have understood the meaning of Research to some extent. As a lifelong learner, would like to explore more.
GREATLY THANKS FOR THIS COURSE. THIS COURSE HELPS ME A LOT TO UNDERSTAND RESEARCH METHODS IN SOCIAL SCIENCES
Very great lectures and behind the books practical topics. Thank you professor for your time and teaching.
IT HELPED ME UNDERSTAND THE RESEARCH METHODS AND THE VIDEOS AND CHAPTERS WERE A GOOD SOURCE OF INFORMATION
My experience... I was awesome to know what Research is all about and what basic elements of Research are.
the assignment is creative and very brilliant and lessons is very short it is a pleasure to learn from you
it´s very useful, pragmatic and didactic at the same time. Thank you to all the team that make it posible.
The course is very useful, all classes were delivered in simple conversational language and easy to learn
This course is really helpful in understanding research methods as well as adding up a lot of information
It has many major points and tips that the one should know about before doing any search in any criteria.
This course has really helped me to understand research methodology and also helped me in my LLM course.
Thank you for this course!It has been very comprehensive and useful for my further research activity :)
I like how topics were relayed on each week. Videos were relevant and sources are reliable. Keep it up!
This course is very interesting, relevant and useful for all the research scholars as well as teachers.
This course was very helpful and a lot of knowledge was gained! Thank you for this great opportunity.
Activity based learning helps a lot to think, act and develop. Really happy to be part of this course
The interviewees give me the multiple ways to understand the Research. It is interesting and helpful!
Short and accurate. The interviews were amazing and gave an astonishing insight. Highly recommended.
honestly I would say that, I really  got to know more about methods used while preparing a research.
Although the course is only 4 weeks long, the reading material is fascinating! You will learn a lot.
best course with integrated outline which helps to understand the semantics of research methodology.
An invaluable course for everyone who wants pursue career in academia/ research or higher education.
I thoroughly enjoyed the experience. I’ll be searching for another course imminently.Suzanne Wright
I learned a lot of stuff. The videos are amazing. I will continue to watch those I saved. Thank you
Really useful content and hope i can revisit and gain more understanding on research methodologies.
I learnt so much from this course. Thank you mentors for sharing such amazing knowledge.Thank you.
Where is my course certificate? Please I need the course certificate any how😓..try to understand.
I understand that the Coursera I understand that the learning process of the solar energy systems
It was really interesting experience, and encouraging student to involving for courses like this.
I found it very helpful because it has helped me to build a foundation and interest in research.
this is a very interesting course and it really helps to increase your understanding of research
Understanding Research Methods is very effective for beginners who have an interest in research.
If you are trying to understand what is a research and how to do one, this is the perfect start.
The course content is very informative and lively session are useful to understand the research
This course is very good for everyone who is interested in knowing more about research methods.
Amazing course giving me a solid background in research. Many thanks for the team worked on it.
very good course that would be very useful for researchers who are starting their research life
Very Insightful Course to learn about the new and Enticing things that were really appreciable
Short but very informative Course, will definitely help how to go ahead for research problems.
Yeah itz too good ... actually I learnerd so much from this coursea . So now I can do research
Thanks to Coursera, I able understand the Research method and how to criticize work of others.
its very useful for us to read . its very interesting. thank you for giving us for opperunity
If i get the chance to take this course 1-2 years earlier, my life would have been different.
Great Learning Journey through State of Art Content Chapters. Thanks for curating wonderfully
Thank you very much. I enjoyed the course. Very beneficial. I appreciate all people involved.
Course content was nicely describe and well structures specially the videos are more help ful
It's a very good course and to be recommended to anyone who has a passion to pursue research.
I like the course. It is very easy to understand the my peers are kind and very cooperative.
This course need for junior researcher or the people who will do the research as first time.
The course is well planned and will help understand what it actually means to do a research.
The course was very engaging, and e-ctivity make things understand with hands-on experience.
This course helped me fill gaps in my clarity. I thoroughly enjoyed the learning experience.
This is a great course that will open up your mind to the understanding of research methods.
It is a really well structured introduction to this broad subject which is research methods.
This course enhance my knowledge.Thank you coursera to give me such a learning opportunity.
very good and useful for postgraduate students to enhance their atitude,skill and knowledge
Eexcellently  designed the course it helped me to set a goal and how to finish my project.
This was my first time taking a course in this format and it far exceeded my expectations.
Excellent course, this course give me new ideas and new forms for to do my investigations.
I like the part where exemplars share their views based on their knowledge and experience.
It's very simple and direct to the point. The format of the course is pretty interesting.
Very much helpful online platform for understanding the concepts of research methodology.
The course is very impressive, and I benefited a lot, thankful and able for your efforts
Excellent course to know and distinguish different approaches to the research question..
This course was really effective and informative.  I was able to understand the course.
Very well structured making it easy to follow each weeks materials. Highly recommended.
Very informative class!  Just the right amount of information and very well presented!
This course helped me to understand what is research and how exactly it works. Thanks!
IT WAS  A VERY GOOD EXPERIENCE AND ALSO I WAS ABLE TO LEARN A LOT THROUGH THIS COURSE.
The course was very helpful in understanding more about research and research methods
Excellent summary and insights into research methods used by several SOAS researchers
I learnt a lot from this course.  It is presented simple yet it is super informative.
It is a very useful program to understand the research design in our research career.
The course is very much helpful for the learners who in the initial stage of research
An excellent course which helps me a lot. Thank you so much for creating this course.
Good introduction for new student who is going for bachelor and master level research
It's a very useful application that give me a lot of knowledge that important for me.
A real well structured MOOC! Maybe a second version of this course would be perfect!
It's really a great platform to learn research methods please do join and learn more
Great, Unique & Perfect way of understanding the importance and journey of research!
It is a boring course but is a good thing where you can find some interesting things
Great overview on what is reseach and the steps required to plan reseach in science.
Amazing course helps you to know a bunch of crucial stuffs related to the research.
im really thankful to coursera for providing me  a oppurtunity to learn this course
A better understanding of the beginner who wants to become a successful researcher.
The course is planned very well, thank you instructors for giving broader knowledge
course is great and gives students the requisite understanding to conduct research
This course is very helpful for the reseach students, specially for the beginners.
I learned and enjoyed a lot on this course. This helps me to be a good researcher.
Excellent course for undergraduate students where ever they are!Thank You so much!
very insightful. It helped me gain a lot of knowledge about research methodology.
Course materials very informative and understandable. A lot of thanks to authors!
It really made us understand the various aspects of research and research methods
Extremely informative and helpful course. Increased my knowledge base incredibly.
I have learnt the ability to draw meanings of qualitative and quantitative data.
This course is very informative about the understanding of the research methods.
It is best experience for me. Nice information & good platform to the students.
It's really informative course, it will improve your vision in Research Methods
I enjoyed the course, I will look for some other course from London University!
A really fantastic course for those who want to learn how to do great research!
An interesting way of getting familiar with philosophy of scientific research!
Intersting course you shouldn't miss, if you're in research design! *thumbsup*
its a very informative course and I enjoyed it very well in learning process.
This course is helpful, full of creativity and fun. I have loved this course.
I have enjoyed this course that has help to enlighten me on research methods.
good understanding with a simple explanations for beginners. thank you team!
excellent course where I learn the innovative-ness of research.  Thanks all.
Really helpful course, just the right length, from a prestigious University.
It is really helpful if anybody is looking into exploring research methods.
I like this one. It is full of information from great experts in the field.
It has been a very interesting course, congratulations for the initiative!
It is a great course that helps you to understand how to start a research.
Very good course for those who are at beginner level for Research Methods.
This course if helpful especially if you are ground-working theoretically.
very useful for me to get to know something about research method. Thanks.
It is amazing open my mind and make me best understand of research method
i think that course is the best way to understanding concepts of research
Had a lot of positive feedback from classmates. a best part of learning.
Very helpful course for those who would like to know more about research
Every effective and has contributed to my understanding research methods
Great introduction course on what is needed to conduct a research study.
Very well design course. I really learned a lot from this online course.
Really enjoyed the course. Looking forward to do more courses like this.
The videos were really good. I liked all the activities and assignments.
Quite interesting and engaging course for having the basics of research.
Very good course. Recommended to apprentice and experienced researchers.
This course has helped to broaden my understanding on research methods.
Excellent. Easy to understand, great interviews, nice reading chapters.
I enjoyed the course and it has inspired ME to continue with my studies
As a beginner in research, this course was truly comprehensive for me.
Very informational. I had fun while i am learning. Highly recommended.
I had a great learning experience and loved the content of the course.
It is a excellent course. Help us to learn more about research methods
Excellent, really helpful!  A must for every starting out PhD student!
Great instructors and interview sessions. Really learnt a lot. thanks
Gives a good insight into research if adequate efforts can be put in.
Wonderful and helpful for all those who are interested into research.
Excellent course and the video discussion were good and to the point
This course can really change your view of thinking and researching.
This has been a clear and easy introduction to the research process.
Nice course for beginners who just enroll in the Higher education...
great course, videos, and assignment helped me to understand better,
Great course, helped me to see all the steps in building a research.
it was really helpful to me and I understood a lot from the course.
Yes it is useful for development research methods by different ways
Thank you so much so far ,I will take anther coures .I was excited.
This course was really great! I have learned a lot from this MOOC.
A good program. I really enjoyed it. Thank you very much for this.
Understanding the research in business methodologies help managers
Great option to obtain essential information about research method
Standalone course to gain the skill to develop a research project.
Great Course... The video interviews were the icing on the cake...
It was very good, neat, concise, easy to read and very interesting
Was a excellente course, the structure is very organized and clear
This course is really helpful before starting a research project.
A very good platform to learn through interactions with the peers
It is a great course and I have learned a lot. Thank you so much.
i absolutely enjoyed the course. Its designed in a unique manner.
This course is really awesome. Got a basic ideas about research.
Very clearly explained able to learn more about research methods
Excellent course describing the aspects of research methodology!
Thank you, sir and mam, to give e an opportunity on this course.
This was a wonderful course, I would definitely take this again.
excellent course and gives an sight into research methodology !
Very interesting. I enjoyed some simplicity in the presentation
different, interesting and very effective approach of teaching.
This has hepled me a lot becoming a better researcherThank you!
amazing and useful course thank you for offering us this course
this course is very helpful for every students  and researchers
It's  a very good course to understand the research methodology
excellent.its very good course for budding researcher like us.
Amazing experience and the learning process was well designed.
I am really happy that t found that course i've learned a lot.
The course has real knowledgable value. Well done instructors.
Excellent. Short but effective course. Learned a lot. Thanks.
Very good course, an excellent review of the research methods
A very good course for all those who are pursuing a research.
Highly Recommended to those which are interested in Research
Good course! I loved the pdf of Chapter 1. Thank you so much
Vey beneficial and helpful for planning a research project.
Gave me amazing Insights! Thanks to both the professors  <3
Excellent course, helped me a lot in boosting my knowledge.
The course was very useful and I really enjoyed studying it
very helpful course for those whish is very new in research
This is an excellent course to understand research methods.
Very good materials are provided by this course instructor
Very good course. It is very usefull for research scholars
Nicely explained the research background how it will work
Nice experience listening to various esteemed professors.
A good course to introduce yourself in the topic of resea
It's a helpful course for understanding Research methods.
This course provided me very deep insight about research.
thanks your sir this lecture is very very helpful for me
wonderful course...it's very good for all PhD candidate.
I am glad for learn so many new thinks from this course.
I really found this course Valuable and Well Structured.
Content is good to learn and update the research skills.
Thank you all for conducting such an informative course.
A well organized course helpful to the graduate student.
great course, thanks for the guidance and keep going...
The best course about research and very helpful indeed.
Gathering lot of information regarding research method.
a good course for any one intending to go into research
The student is easy learning every time and everywhere.
it was a very nice course.....i would recommend others
Excellent course for researcher to start their journey
As a beginner the course help me a lot about research.
The course extremely helpful to the beginners like me.
Very much helpful to me to understand Research Methods
Excellent course. Thank you so much to the instructors
I like the modality of learning, it is so interesting
Very useful course for understanding Research Methods
i enjoyed this course and gained a lot of information
Excellent structured! Thank you. I will recommend it!
amazing course for anyone want to know about research
It was a very instructive course and shed light about
It  is  very helpful app to learn any online courses
an excellent guide to understanding research methods
A very good introductory course on research methods.
Course is excellent and learnt many things from this
Very Good session Thank You All for making me learn.
very useful course for learning basics of research..
This is very engaging & fun way to learn new things.
Best Course of the basic understanding of research.
nice way to give a better understanding on research
Thank you for this opportunity during this lockdown
good to understand what kind research that you need
learn new perspectives and ideas regarding research
Gave me early insights into what research entailed.
I found this course  very useful for my PhD program
Very Important and Essential Course for Researchers
it is really fantastic course , it helped me alto .
Very good course: doable, achievable, and feasible.
very well planned informative videos and articles.
It's a great course for the new research students.
Such an amazing experience So gratefull Thnks alot
I have learnt many things from this amazing course
Understanding Research Methods is very good course
Very useful. Well structured. Good study material.
I learned a lot from this course and I enjoyed it.
A great course for understanding research methods.
High quality content. Congratulations to the team!
you can acquire great knowldge during this course
Very informative and can be completed in 2-3 days
I have learned which I never knew before. Thanks!
Very nice subject it will help me alot in future.
It's  very much useful for a beginner in reserach
Very well structured course and good assignments.
Not just a course but an activating tool. Thanks.
The course is quite informative and resourceful.
great videos with lot of advices for researchers
Very well- structured. Enjoying the Assignments.
Good on line course work in research methodology
I love it and learned a lot from it. thank you.
It is really very helpful for research scholar.
I just love this course. Thank you Instructors.
Please create more and more projects like this!
Good and clear introduction to research methods
It's really a very good course. I loved it!!!!!
Good course for Understanding Research Methods
A great course to enter the world of research.
Very good course enjoyed the learning process.
i have to learn new things thnak you so much!!
feel like genuine tough & good standard course
Thank you for you effort it is really helpfull
This is very useful course for me. Thank you!
Good avenue to learn more on research methods
Good experience. Nicely explained all topics.
Truly helpful course. See you in the moon! :)
Great course and amazing videos and lectures.
It good learning and it was very informative
Good course. Have plenty to learn and share.
I REALLY GAINED MORE KNOWLEDGE THROUGH THIS.
Excellent course! I found this very helpful!
EXCELLENT I LEARNT A LOT FROM THIS COURSE !!
Best course to understand. What is research.
A very helpful course for research starters
A very good class to learn research methods
Very usefull course for a research student.
Its very good to learn by doing activities.
Amazing course !! Enjoyed every bit of it .
very informative course as a beginner level
Excellent and highly focussed. Very useful!
good alternative how to do a good research
Well prepared  & very informative course .
very good, detailed and easy to understand
Good knowledge regarding research methods.
Very comprehensive and met my requirements
it was really great to learn from coursera
great! id like to share this to my friends
Very good teachers and interesting videos.
A very interesting and informative course
Very good Course, i have learn many thing
Outstanding course. I have learned a lot.
Its very useful course for the beginners!
Was a very well compiled and informative.
Really I am happy with full satisfaction.
It's very helpful for my future research.
this is a beautiful course i learnt alot
Honestly, i enjoyed learning this course
very good... very informative. thank you
Good and systematic approach to research
Very good course for freshers researcher
amazing to develop a research knowledge.
The course was very helpful for Research
An informative and interesting course...
It was a great experience with coursera.
thank you very much , i like every thing
Well structured and helpfull! A must do!
very informative with depth informantion
Very educative MOOC ~ Loving it already!
Very relevant and systematic. Great job
Is good for basic overview of research.
Excellent course, Thank you organizers.
Good ...Has been helpful to do research
Very admirable and excellent knowledge
IT WAS REALLY HELPFUL. THANK YOU GUYS
Sweet, short, and informative course.
Very useful and valuable course to me
good course for beginners in research
awesome website to learn everything.
Quality is here for all researchers.
It was a very informative experience
The course is very well constructed.
Thanks for the excellent teaching!!!
Great Contents..Thanks a lot Cursera
got great learnings from this course
Well designed course for researchers
Nice course to dive into RnD basics.
so organised and well understanding
Great. Full of knowledge,Thank you.
Good but it can be more elaborate.
This course was soo helpful to me.
Very effective and understandable
I was impressed with this course
This course is very interesting.
i enjoyed it was very effective.
Very Good, Highly Recommended!!!
Refreshed the basics of research
This course is useful an helpful
Very nicely articulated course.
This course was really helpful.
A very good learning experience
Excellent way to learn research
It enhanced my research skills.
Useful Course, I enjoyed a lot.
It's very helpful for research.
My research concept get fresh.
Enjoyed completing this course
I LOVE THIS COURSE IT THE BEST
this course has taught me alot
Learnt the basics in research.
I absolutely loved the course.
Remove peer graded assignment
Very nice dectate by teachery
very good and knowledgeable !
Well Structured Innovatively.
that is a effective course!!!
Interesting and informative.
Thank you my dear instructor
Great course for researchers
Good one for the researchers
Good interviews from experts
great experience of learning
It is very helpful and easy.
a great introductory course.
Nice course. I learned alot
extremely insightful course
An extra-ordinary Course...
Great course. I am so happy
Informative and inspiring.
Iam happy so much for that
Impressed with the course
Thank you, a great course
Very Useful and effective
It is an amazing program!
The tools are interesting
Great Learning. Than you.
Good course for Beginner.
This course is very Good
A good and short course.
Very good and excellent
It’s interesting course
it was beautiful!!!!!!!
Thank You Very Much sir
Got useful information
insightful and helpful
Its a helpfull course
Indeed a great course
Vvery Good Experience
i enjoyed this course
Very helpful content.
it was helpful Thanks
Great, interesting!!!
very brilliant course
A very useful course
thank you five stars
Great explications.
an awesome course !
Thanks for everyone
satisfied very much
nice and different
A very good course
clear and to point
Very interactive!
Wonderful  course
Thank u very much
Nice Explanation.
wonderful course.
Wonderful Course
Great Initiative
Really Good one
was very useful
Very helpful !!
Thanks  a lot
Educational
good course
Good One.
relly
