Maybe I'm judging it too harshly, because it IS targeted to beginners. I found it overly simplistic. In the end, I didn't bother watching the videos because the assignments could be easily done in under 5 minutes without watching the content. I found the second week in particular very redundant. Most people already know about Facebook, Instagram, etc. It was nothing new. Same for the final week. I honestly didn't bother watching the videos at all and simply took the test, which I had 100% success at, because it was that easy.I'd personally only take this course for the certificate that it gives. It doesn't have much value beyond that.
Informative! Live examples help us to understand how marketer work around the social media.
Particularly enjoy the section on Social Media Landscapes!
Great!
Wow! Had fun learning this course, I enjoyed it and even exceeded the recommended weekly hours. This is really a great start, and Anke is really a top-notch lecturer, and tipping my hat to all who develop this course. Looking forward to the next course.
It’s really a good platform to develop skills in different areas.
Wonderful innovation. I’m really grateful for the impact
I am really looking forward to more details on Customer Journey, KPIs in FB, IG or other social media analytics, I love details when it comes to understanding the usage of social media for businesses. The course was a great review at parts and a great source of new information! Thank you.
Excellently curated course with decent exposure to the nuances of various social media. The course gives an exhaustive overview of Social Media Marketing. The instructor explains clearly without leaving any gaps in between the information and concepts.
I loved the content covered in this course. This training was very helpful. Looking forward to complete the next program in the series as soon as possible.
I totally loved the first course. Though I very active on social media, but in the course lot of deep details were covered. I'm totally impressed.
Engaging material and simplified terms. A great introduction to the world of social media marketing and the different platforms used.
The content is well-curated for the beginners. The instructor has explained the module in an understandable and engaging way.
I have learned many different aspects of social media marketing and I'm happy after studying all the relevant topics
I'm not a person for reviews and this is my first review on coursera,This course is worth it!
Loving it! Awesome easy to digest learning served in bite sized chunks!!!!
A very nice course, hope to see more practical videos in further courses.
A very good and comprehensive introduction to social media marketing.
Great introductory course for learning about social media marketing.
I really enjoyed this course it's simple direct and  very useful.
This is a great course very well constructed, Thank you!
Super nice. I really want to stick to this. Way to go...
Excellent and valuable course. Learn a lot of things.
Very easy to learn, great content and good exercises
Great class, transitioned through the process well.
Very informal and interesting. Learn many things!
its an awesome course to get a clear knowledge
Awesome perfectly crafted course 👏 👏 👏
Engaging and the activities really help!
As an introductory course, it is great.
The lessons were explained thoroughly.
Great course with an amazing teacher!
Great course with very useful content
Thanks coursera for this course
Very good in everything
really nice course
