I was really excited about this course and it contains a lot of great information but the questions for assessment are not generally over the material that was emphasized in the video lectures.  This makes it very difficult to know what material to make notes on.  Often, it felt like the questions were on information that the teacher said almost in passing.  I am a high school mathematics teacher so I have a basis for determining when assessment doesn't align with instruction.  All in all, the experience has been frustrating and consequently it has been difficult to log on and be excited to learn this otherwise fascinating information.
I find this course extremely difficult, The teaching style seems chaotic to me and the overwhelming amount of information (all new to me) makes it hard for me to focus. I have been trying to keep up with the course and the drawings and examples she provides by taking notes, but I wish there would be more clear hand outs and that the information would be better organized. The subject matter is no doubly super interesting and it is evident to me that the instructor knows her stuff and is super excited about it, but this is not for me.
interesting course however, you can easily learn this in high school. It is unclear whether to have a written assignment or video bite. You cannot have both. It is  simply too much work!
Really amazing how unorganized and incomplete presentations are. A lot of very important information left out.
"an online non-credit course"This should not be writen, is disrespectful to the work we did. Antonio
inconsistent and stumbling presentation. uninspiring
This course is extremely interesting and has aided my knowledge of many key parts of neurobiology. I definitely have valued this course a lot and feel it has increased my thirst for medical and scientific knowledge in the future. However, I do think the course did not come without its faults. Firstly, I feel that the tests at the end of the week were VERY VAUGE and often didn’t use the best wording. I think that the fact that each question was only ever worth one point was rather unfair as if I had not gone just one tick box option right, but got the rest of the 5 options, it would give me 0 for this question. I think that this caused me to worry and stress that I was not smart enough to take the course, simply because of trivial testing. However, I am pleased that I was able to overcome this and realise that it just required extra focus and attention on all of the questions and perhaps I should have waited for all of the information to digest before taking the test every time. I thoroughly enjoyed the peer graded assessment on week 10 and feel that this should be incorporated right the way throughout the course, because it encourages other ways of learning and made me feel inspired and more motivated by the information present in each weekly session. 3 stars 🌟
I find that there is not
coordination between what is taught in the lessons and their respective
quizzes. On the other hand, no theory sources are recommended. In Week 1 and Week2 no academic images were
provided. In addition, subtitles have misspellings. Also, in my opinion, there
is a pedagogical issue because the instructor says very much "right
here". "here" when pointing to some anatomical parts instead
of naming the anatomical parts. The anatomical parts should be mentioned by
their names not only for mnemotechnical purposes but also for subtitling purposes
because subtitles say too much "right here"; therefore, I have to
edit subtitles by looking other sources in order to follow what the instructor is
saying. Thanks.
goood information
This is a great course to understand basic functioning of brain. What the course and Dr Mason has done is to increase curiosity and motivation to delve deeper into the matters of brain. A second part of the course would be great to keep learning more about our wonderful brain.
El curso es un poco largo (10 semanas) pero al final vale la pena. Un viaje a nuestro interior, muy recomendable.The course is a bit large (10 weeks) but at the end worth it. Take the course you won't regret.
An incredibly informative course!  Professor Peggy Mason is an outstanding lecturer and what a 'brain box'!  Content was varied and incredibly interesting.  I would only say that there could've been some more 'blended' learning as the format is rather repetitive and some modules there were some technical gliches with module testing within the unit, ie it didn't exist or wasn't working.  Another observation was that the end of week quizes often had 'new content' in them which hadn't been covered in the module or were questions from online flash cards that were directly correlated with the learning in the modules.  It's a great course and with a bit of tweaking, it could be outstandng.  Thanks to all, I enjoyed it.
Dr Mason is obviously an expert in this field and I liked her mix of personal and referential stories with the facts and the structural system diagrams.  However, she often paused for long periods searching for the precise word she wanted to use and that word usually turned out to be so technical as to require further interruption to seek out its meaning. The most annoying part of the course was the overhead including cut aways in mid sentence for a quiz, descriptions of the next segment followed by music to play out then a count down pause ( I assume for video access) then music to open the next sentence with pictures of the university then a greeting before the introduction to the next segment.
The content of this course is highly fascinating. The instructor does a very good job of explaining information to help someone who is not in the neurobiology field. This course is listed as a beginner class which I would argue. If you do not have prior information in neurobiology, this course would be challenging. However, the quizzes give you multiple chances to be successful. I highly enjoyed this course and would still recommend for anyone interested.
Really great course. Went in with little to no understanding of neuroscience. However now, I'm quite fascinated about the vast amount of interesting information regarding the Brain and the nervous system I have been able to comprehend. It has certainly made me more self aware.The course is a bit fast paced, according to my observation and personal experience but the professor - Dr. Mason is quite good at explaining the concepts in a well conceived manner.
Great course for the introduction to neurobiology, its explanations, its examples (cases), its depth and density, and especially the diversity and organization of the topics, although a few topics were not so detailed, but it is understandable by the amount of themes. It should be said that Dr. Peggy Mason was a great teacher, spontaneous, clear, and she showed us some photos and cases of her family and friends. Nice learning.
This course gave me an excellent grounding on the complexity of the brain and how our brains make us very unique. Professor Mason is engaging and uses relatable examples e.g. bungee-jumping. The reason I gave it a 4 instead of 5 is that a couple of video links are no longer active, so the course administrator might want to update these.  Thanks Professor Mason!
I really like the enthusiasm of Peggy Mason, and she is clearly an expert in her field.  One recommendation for the course is DON'T put the little quiz inside the video.  Wait until the end of each small video segment.  It is disjointed and annoying to interrupt the video when it is already very short, usually 3-6 minutes.  Wait until the end of the video.
Prof. Peggy is phenomenal! I personally prefer lecturer/tutor to teach with lecture slides, but the way Prof. Peggy teach has totally blew my mind! She helped me understand so much about the basics of neurobiology in our daily lives, and her presentations are clear and easily understandable. 8/10
There are few questions whose answers contraindicates the teachings of Professor Peggy. Other than that the course is very well explained and gives the basic knowledge about Neurobiology which was exactly that I needed.
This is a very exciting course and it is the best! However, some things are not explained really well but other than that it is fantastic beyond imagination!!! Excellente!
Though it skims the surface the course was a very good introduction. The teacher explained the concepts demonstrating her expertise and communication skills.
Very interesting course. The quizzes are a little tricky. I learned many things even though I haven't study neoroscience.
This is a good and interesting review of the brain.  It has an expert, engaging, likeable instructor and it goes fast.
it's intuitive and interesting by its structure and content. The professors is great.
I am learning quite a lot about the details of the neurons
Great class very informative and easy to follow online!
Great Course for people who are new to this field!
A good course that sometimes stalled a little.
its gives us better info about our daily life
Good format and interesting material!
very clear and ussefull... thanks!!
Everything is well designed
Dr. Peggy Mason creates a viable way to understand neurobiology.  Although the material is very challenging, her teaching style keeps one focused and interested. I highly recommend this course.
The course is easy to understand while it has covered quite a lot of details on neurobiology. It is also inspiring to feel the Prof. Mason's love for the neurobiology through the course.
This is an excellent course that teaches you the neurobiology of the brain. I think this course is extremely beneficial whether you are just beginning to learn about the brain or a professional in the field. Professor Mason is excellent and provides valuable examples for each topic in addition to supplemental resources. I highly recommend this course.
This is a must-take course to learn about the self and the world around us as it relates to neurobiology.  Professor Peggy Mason rocks.  Very glad I opted for this class, learned so much!
Teaching: Prof. Peggy Mason’s passionate teaching has really drawn me into the fascinating world of neurobiology. She has used lots of diagrams, metaphors, real-life example to explain difficult neurological mechanism at intro level.Her special reading interest of autobiography written by patients gives me extra insight into the diseases. I love her empathetic and thoughtful tone when explaining life challenges faced by neurological patients.I highly recommend this course to people who want to know more about neurobiology and neurobiological diseases, who are neurological patients themselves or families or friends of neurological patients, and who want to use knowledge to gain some senses of control or help others.Accessibility: The course structure is well organized with clear focus in each week. I’ve only learnt some high-school biology before. Overall, most weeks are easy to follow, but the weeks on vestibular sense & gaze and motor modulation are more challenging.Assessment: The assessment of quiz of each week is slightly challenging but helpful for the of review course content. The peer-reviewed assignment is simple and straightforward.
It is providing a great support to my interest in neurosurgery
I loved everything about this course : topics covered, load of work, accessibility (it is free). But best of all is the professor. Peggy Mason has a rare gift to explain complicated things in easy and fun way. Learning with her is pure joy. 

The course helped me to enjoy ordinary things of everyday life more and to understand myself and others better. For example, when I make a cup of tea and think "I will take one cookie only" I know that most probably it will not work. Once a ritual/an action starts, my basal ganglia will make sure it will last. It is popular now (especially among girls) to chastise oneself for bad eating habits. It is rather counterproductive. The role of volitional control of habits is overestimated and the role of basal ganglia is neglected. 

Why giving this example? Well, everybody has bad habits. And everybody eats :) But don't get me wrong: this course gives insight in much more areas than habits formation and changing.

It is inspiring, very useful and applicable to everyday life.
Excellent course. Uses lot of examples from daily life and real life stories to explain concepts. Also, Dr. Mason recommends a lot of books and biographies which are related to the lectures. She explains every topic in a very easy and fun way, I assure anyone would love it. There are also many lab classes where you can see and observe the various parts of the nervous system, and they are well linked to the theory classes. This course is not just for people interested in neurobiology but for anyone and everyone. I'd recommend you to go through this course to understand how every part of our body is controlled by the brain, how beautiful and complex our brain is, and how various disorders can be caused by problems in the nervous system. It will also help you understand the suffering of people with neurological disorders, and would help you be more kind and patient towards them.In conclusion, you will love the course and Dr. Peggy Mason and team, and would thank me for recommending the course! Have fun!
This course allowed me to understand the
processes taking place in the human body. It's very interesting to understand
how everything works in us. For me it was a discovery of how complex and
surprisingly subtle and well-thought-out system our nervous system is. How
tightly everything in the body is interconnected. It's just amazing that a
single cell can form such a complex structure. Now, with an idea of how
everything works in us, I can better understand what is happening to me or my family
at one time or another. Why there may be some problems and how to solve them.
In short, if you imagine that our body is a complex and very intelligent
machine, the course of neuroscience gives us explanations about its structure
and management. Now, for example, when there is dizziness, I can understand why
it originated. I can explain to my daughter why we don't forget how to walk or
ride a bike, and many other things from our daily lives. It's really very
interesting and valuable. I'm just in love with it!
I enjoyed this course so much, can't wait to learn more. I've never felt more happy and excited to learn more with any other subjects that I've learned in the past. This Professor, is amazing and delivers this knowledge with much passion, sensitivity, has a sense of humor that is both genuine and a way to learn the facts/topics she's discussing. You can clearly see that she highly enjoys and loves sharing all that she knows! I can't thank everyone who put this course together and for Professor Mason for inspiring me and having the pleasure to learn from you!! I've told everyone I know about my learning from this course and how much I love it, and I'd highly recommend for anyone, whether knowing or having an interest in the subject or not, to dive in and let you mind learn all about the wonders of our brain.It's a fantastic course and I hope to find more to take. Thank you again Professor Peggy Mason!!
This is an amazing course to start on understanding the brain! It has given me a new perspective on how and why we, human, behave in a certain way. To make it easier to digest and follow the sessions, Professor Mason has added a lot of vision materials, including real human/sheep brains, to elaborate. Also, the books recommended by her provided a clear illustration on "what has gone wrong". Thank you Professor Mason.
Such an amazing course! Absolutely love professor Peggy Mason - i wish were more courses by her.
Dr Peggy Mason is a fantastic guide to the world of neurobiology. Outstandingly simple elucidation of such complex functions of the NS as homeostasis, higher abstract functions, sensation and voluntary movement provides an extensive outlook of human brain and mind in terms of every day life. Since I really look forward to becoming a neuroscientist or cognitive scientist
myself, this course has become a firm starting platform for my spaceship of ambition
to take off from. I now feel a desire to research the neurobiology of everyday life in
almost every aspect of human behavior. The structure of the course is carefully
balanced and is aimed at providing a wide, yet detailed scope of knowledge for
beginners like me to understand the importance of the NS. Thank you so much the team and Dr. Mason as well as coursera for giving me the opportunity to take part in this course! See you soon!
It has been quite awhile since I have had time to sit down and update my present knowledge on Neurobiology and I was very interested to see if much had changed in this area that would assist me when working with people therapeutically who have spinal cord injuries and complex neurological diseases and disorders. The course material was very well constructed and Dr. Peggy Mason's delivery of the course material was wonderful and motivating. The course certainly added a lot of value to my working knowledge of how things work and I will be recommending to my students that they do this brilliant course also.Sincere regards,Kenneth (Ken) Ware
First of all, I would like to thank the professor Peggy Mason. You have the energy of someone who likes very much her job : teaching the neurobiology. You like this field and you know how to share your passion. You gave me more than a knowledge. Hope you could offer a MOOC 2 about cognitive neuroscience. And to next students : please, take this lecture even if you do not make any plans about working in this field in the future. You will learn a lot about how your brain works, and you'll get even some explanations about who you are. This is just the beginning of your journey to you and the others.
I was almost completely new to Neurobiology;
the only touch point I had was the section regarding language. So, my
motivation to take this course was simply a matter of lifelong learning, just
to discover areas that have not connection to my everyday life. Or so I thought!
This course made what is a huge and complicated topic area so
tangible, and it does very much show how Neurobiology is all around
us. I especially loved this course because it was presented in a great and
engaging fashion. It grabbed my attention for the whole 10 weeks. Many, many
thanks!
I am a clinical psychologist from India. I use to find neuropsychology as a difficult subject due to the complexity in understanding the brain, its structures and mechanisms. But this course made it simple to understand the Brain. The content is rich and explained in a very simple way. Thanks a lot
I learned so much from Professor Peggy Mason. It was a well organized course, full of valuable info ,and presented with so much passion and love. Thanks to everyone who helped in making this course available  to us. Thanks a lot!
Clear and well-structured course. Although couse information is more for beginners, still some complex concepts and facts are present. And a lot of samples that are very helpful for better understanding.
It has been, in all, a wonderful experience taking this course, Prof Peggy is really good at what she does, wonderful content, stories, instances, and videos. Learnt a lot from this course, thank you!
Very interesting course! I loved the embodied emotion lesson. It helped me understand so much. Thanks neuroteam :).
It was the best 3 month. Thank you
I would like to thank Professor Peggy
Mason from bottom of my heart for simplifying neuro biology of everyday. I was
thoroughly inspired by the content and teaching style. She explained with real
time example which made me to understand much more than what I anticipated.
Specific description with human brain sample which made me more enthusiastic
and keen. Being non-biology candidate, I made myself to aware of few neuroscience
terminologies. Perhaps these made me to understand this course more
efficiently. I was little bit aware of brain regions, but because of this
course now I learnt the functional connectivity among the brain regions in
effective manner. Especially, basic understanding of electrophysiology from
this course shed light on my research career path.  As a normal non-biology student just i want to suggest that, it would have been better if she would have explained the different parts of brain, CNS and PNS with major functionality and in the initial class itself. It would have been even more effective if all these brain regions, she should have shown at a time in one video so that naive students like us can correlate later. Anyways Thanks a lot for
professor, organizer and coursera team for giving opportunity to accomplish
this course successfully
This course enabled me to get a deeper insight into the interesting world of neurobiology, by making me look at things with a keener eye. The complex mechanisms involved in our simplest of tasks were better understood as I stopped to ponder over them.  I also listed down all the books Dr. Mason mentioned throughout the course, and I plan to read them all. Though not the most prominent objective of this course, it urged me to empathize with the people around me, too, thinking about the multiple different ways they are wired, and how we all are so different and unique in our own way. Taking this course was one of the best things I did during this pandemic, and I would really encourage everyone to take it. To get a better understanding of their own selves, their amazing brains, and the world and lives around them.
Professor Mason is extremely engaging and she breaks down complex topics into segments that beginners can easily understand. This course emphasizes the development of empathy and understanding towards the people around us. It is more than just theoretical. I can't recommend this course enough!
This course has been an eye-opener for me and has helped me to better understand the brain from a perspective of empathy towards those suffering from debilitating disorders, thanks to Professor Mason.
I absolutely loved being a part of prof. mason's class! I have gathered alot of information that is going to help me build my future! And this course made me like neurobiology even more! Thank you
I absolutely loved this course. It is a really great course if you are looking to get your basics straight in neurobiology. Apart from the beautifully selected syllabus another important feature of this course is that it even has LABS lectures, where the brain and spinal cord areas are demonstrated and dissected. Secondly, I cannot emphasize enough on the importance of a good teacher. Trust me, Dr Peggy Mason is one of the best teachers I have ever come across. Her passion for the field and teaching really reflects in every lecture. She dissolves the most complex neurological concepts with her brilliant humor and makes it feel like cakewalk. She truly helped me develop a passion and got me hooked to neurosciences. It was an honor to be taught by Dr Peggy Mason, I thank her from the bottom of my heart and look forward to learning more from her.
Loved everything about this course!! Prof Mason's talk with lots of visual aids (actual brain from different angle; use of tablet and white board) and several examples to explain one concept were really effective. Introducing interesting books and personal stories were also helpful for learning. Having each video rather short (5-7min) helped me watching them whenever I had a time (e.g. in the shower, at bed, and while cooking!). Great videos professionally made with good quality of sound and screen. Multiple choice quiz within video was again useful to make sure I did not miss any points. This made me watching the same video repeatedly which enhanced my learning. I believe this course to be a great intro for neuroscience to everyone who is interested. I really wish Prof Mason to make another course!!!
Best teacher ever in my life! Thanks so much Peggy Mason for your down-to-earth yet scientific and precise approach to our brain. Starting with brain development and how information is transferred along neurons via action potentials and neurotransmitters, she has covered the most important aspect of each sense and the different functions the nervous system is involved. She never missed the chance to link her explanations to interesting books about that topic, real-life experiences or her cats' examples :) It has been a joy to be part of the student body here. The way the materials are structured, in loads of very focused 3-to-10 minute videos in optimum for today's lifestyle. THANK YOU, PEGGY.Bad news is, I have now realized how complex the brain is and  how much more there is to be learned yet!  :)
I'm a neuroscience researcher and although the course was rather basic level for me, it provided a nice and funny review that cheered me up during the sad times of social isolation and COVID-19 pandemia. Professor Peggy has great didatics, I think I learned a lot about didatic skills just by paying close attention to her - and she is such a sweetheart, I LOVED how she used her cats as examples during the class, that was just iconic! The course also gave me some research ideias, so even though it's basical neurobiology content, I'd totally recommend it to other young neuroscientists as a review that provides a certificate from UChicago and as a way to take a look in topics we don't often read about, since we are too focused reading the topics we do research about.
Super awesome. I love how in-depth and visual the explanations. It's so obvious how excited Dr. Mason is about explaining the material as well as making sure it's presented in a way everyone can understand. The only two things I would change would be the following: (1) Attaching a PDF or image of the material that is drawn in the board that the professor is about to elaborate on would be so helpful! That way, as a student, we can follow along with the example rather than trying to navigate to points in the video where Prof Mason isn't obstructing the view of the board. (2) *Totally* personal preference, but the 12 second musical clip at the beginning starts to lose its charm after the 3rd week. haha. All in all an absolutely awesome class!
It seems to be the best course I've ever taken. I want to thank the team who developed it and especially the professor Peggy Mason. She is unbelievable! To teach such complicated subject with such clear manner - it's a real talent. The course itself is well structured and logical. I'd like to mention, that as assignments are quite challenging, they capture real effect. That's why for me it was a great satisfaction every time I got a high mark. I also had a tremendous pleasure to prepare my final essay. It was absolutely necessary, because it helped me assemble all acquired knowledge into complete image. I had a great time learning there! I wish the professor had any other courses.
I enjoyed this course a lot, Prof. Mason is a brilliant lecturer, very passionate about her subject and makes very complex phenomenas easy to understand. I definitely recommend this course as introduction to a fascinating topic of neuroscience. The only disappointment was that the staff was not very active at engaging in forum discussions and did not provide any live feedback. I am sure that a course would benefit so much is the students had opportunity to address their questions and thoughts to Prof.Mason and her assistants directly. Thank you so much! Hope that someday you will decide to launch a new advanced course looking deeper at the topics we covered.
Prof. Dr. Mason is a great instructor. She really keeps you attached to the theories and her examples to describe those theories are most relatable in our everyday life. Now I can understand how much brain is plastic, how it communicates with other organs. How Neural communication occurs, why and how thalamus works as a relay center in the brain. How much hippocampus is critical in memory formation and storage. You can understand this concept herein this course. I recommend this course to each and everyone who loves Neuro and seeking to get some lessons and credentials in neurobiology. Thanking you Coursera, Dr. Mason and University of Chicago for this one.
I was always very interested in knowing how the central nervous system worked and this astonishing course gave me the opportunity to learn about the exquisite complexities of the human brain. It has enabled me to gain more understanding of the neurons, his functions and how they communicate with each other. Likewise, I now feel able to apply knowledge from the course and better understand how a brain may be functioning or malfuctioning. As well as offer me the opportunity to gain more in depth understanding of different brain disorders and how they affect the brain. Thanks Dr. Peggy Mason and coursera for this great opportunity!
Best course I've ever taken! Peggy is an amazing professor, she teaches very important and difficult stuff, but she explains it perfectly. When you are taking this course, you learn a lot just by listening, lectures are so good that you don't even need to try that hard to remember the content. I'm not saying it is easy of course, but it is described so well that studying becomes really enjoyable. I would recommend this to everyone who is interested in seeing the other side of human behaviour. Super interesting and a great challenge for those who like learning. Also, you will hear a lot of good jokes, be sure of that :-).
This course ended up being better than I expected. I have a sociology/psychology background, so it was rather intriguing to dive into the neurobiological roots of behavior. More specifically, how neurons interact with each other via neurotransmitters and how the different regions of the CNS communicate with the PNS using these neural pathways. Professor Mason presented the material clearly and in an easy to understand manner for someone who lacks a background in the life/physical sciences. Furthermore, the virtual labs were extremely helpful in identifying the various components of the CNS.
Best course in Neuroscience so far!The content really match the title : You will learn many neuroscience notions explained with examples of your everyday life, which make it easiest to memorize!Teacher is great and give you many examples and illustrations of what she explains, which make the course really alive.She speaks slowly, probably for people struggling with english, so you can easily speed up video at x1,25 ... and voilà! ;-)There is also many optional dissection videos which are of great interest to visualize brain anatomy.
I am very happy to have participated and successfully completed this course that through neurobiology (neuroscience) I can see the world, or our reality with different eyes from the conventional. Understanding, Understanding and Evaluating every act of the human being is simply sensational !!!
Great course, I recommend to all who love and are interested in life.
Congratulations to the entire Coursera Team and Congratulations to Dr. Peggy Mason and the University of Chicago for the excellent course!
Thank you all!!!
Courses like “Understanding the Brain: The
Neurobiology of Everyday Life” and the passion and patience of Professor Mason
encourage people to learn more about the functioning of our brain in order to
understand its complexity, beauty and also its fragility. As a neurolinguistics’ student I
started this course just as a complement to my university studies, but now I
see in the understanding of the brain the possibility to improve people’s life
from different sectors (medical, psychological, educational, etc.).
This course has been very eye-opening for me. Neurobiology is everywhere and you can find it in every situation. The course materials provided are very well moduled and presented in detail. The course instructor, Dr. Peggy Mason, is also extremely engaging and friendly. I'm grateful for what I've learned through the course and I highly recommend it to everyone. I love how learning and understanding even just a little bit of Neurobiology can help you to be more empathetic towards others.
One of the most informative courses I have ever done! And Professor Mason presented it in such a elan, peppered with personal anecdotes and humor, I had to take breaks to soak in the information. The final assignment was brilliant and helped my apply and analyze my learning.  I highly recommend the course. I am grateful for this entire experience. I intend to join more of such courses, or if there is, an advanced level of the same. Thank you for making me feel absolutely accomplished:)
Greetings! That course was amazing, Respected mam Prof. Peggy Mason is an intelligent and motivating teacher. I really like her teaching style. Thanks respected mam, University of Chicago , Coursera , Pakistan HEC. Thanks allot for enhancing my knowledge.I want to make a request please don't take these lectures OFF from my account if possible , I want to review them again and again. At least for one year ,till next December I want to review these lectures please. Thanks to all
Prof Mason matches passion with expertise as she brings you on the full tour of neurobiology, beginning with our neuro-anatomical genesis and leading you all the way to the higher, abstract functions of the mind. Her lectures are short, "bite-size" if you will, and her enthusiasm will get you hooked - it's not just good content. If you're looking to blitz through a thorough overview of the subject, I could not recommend this course and its instructor more highly.
This is the first course I took on coursera and I have to say that it has been an amazing experience learning here. The videos, quizzes, assignments are very well structured. Dr Peggy Mason is a brilliant professor and her style of teaching connects students with her very well. I thoroughly enjoyed this course and learned a lot about neurobiology of our everyday life. I always wanted to study how our brain functions and I am glad I opted for this course.
Great course! I am an architect and I have not studied nothing related to medicine or psychology before. I became interested in the course since I want to generate a bond between architecture and neuroscience. This course has been a great introduction, and although it was demanding on certain lecture videos, overall it helped me grasp the essentials of the brain and the nervous system! Peggy was awesome all the way, making it fun, deep and accessible!
It was a
great course with an excellent explanation. Many thanks to Chicago University
and to the Professor Peggy Mason for making this course interesting and the
topic easy to understand. I learnt a lot about brain functions and how our brain
is organized from the neurological point of view and enjoyed every minute of the
course. I’ll definitely recommend it to others and I’d like to do more courses like
this in the future. THANK YOU!
I was highly impressed by this course. I found everything to be extremely informative and easy to follow. Neurobiology is a difficult topic to learn, and I think Professor Mason did an incredible job of doing so. I appreciate her use of real-life examples and her passion while teaching this course. I look forward to using this knowledge in my future career with cognitive science and will definitely recommend this course in the future.
Very detailed and elaborate course materials, interesting review exercises with above average difficulty by Coursera standards. Professor Mason  taught the course topics in a very structured, clear and concise way covering many different aspects of the functioning not only of the brain itself but also of the nervous system as a whole. Definitely one of the great courses on the neurobiology which helped me learn so much.
First of all, I appreciate the instructor of this course, Dr. Peggy Mason for her wonderful and energetic sessions. I am a Psychology student and most of the topics covered in this course are basics in Neurobiology, but very relevant in Psychology. Especially the sessions that talked about Embedded emotions and Abstract functions were very relevant in my field and I am happy that I could learn well from this course.
Although I have not personally met Professor Mason, her passion towards neurobiology and her compassionate take on its various manifestations in people have cemented her as one of my favorite professors ever. This course presents neurobiology's fundamental areas of research and highlights the most interesting facets about them in a way that makes you want to keep learning long after you have finished the course.
The course is amazing. I want to thank professor Peggy Mason and the 
team that made the videos. The course is not only useful, it's 
incredibly interesting and moving.I especially enjoyed that we got 
to see the brain in all its glory. The drawings, pictures, microscope 
slides and, finally, seeing the actual human brain - it all contributes 
to a better understanding of this part of the whole inner Universe.
I'm really thankful to Coursera, for making this course available so that people all over the world can know more about the neurobiology of everyday life, to professor Peggy Mason, for her passion for teaching and helping people, which translate into elucidating, engaging and funny lessons, and to the classmates who reviewed my final project, for dedicating their time and attention to help a fellow coursemate.
The course gives a good overview of the different aspects related to possible dysfunctions in the brain, along with the explanation of the basic mechanisms of non-altered working functions. The teaching approach of Prof. Mason is great and it helps not only to understand the possible diseases from a technical point of view but also to clearly imagine the human aspects associated to the possible disorders.
Professor Peggy Mason is a prime example of how I wish other professors taught: she brings the course to life and makes it fun and interesting. I have never liked school, and have never had a particular interest in science, but she actually makes me not want to stop learning and watching her lectures. Kudos! I wish I had professors like her when I was in school. I learned a great amount because of her.
I am very thankful for this interesting and entertaining course experience. I taught me a lot about the human brain and the nervous system. What I especially like about this course is that besides teaching people knowledge it also promotes awareness and compassion for people that are affected by diseases or injuries of parts of the nervous system. Thanks a lot to Professor Peggy Mason and her team :)!
Extraordinary. For those who like to understand how things works, there is nothing more beautiful than understanding how masterfully our brain and body work, the how's and why's of many of our experiences find an answer here. Prof. Mason's ability to convey the  information and the material with such clarity allows you to understand this course even if your background is far from this field of study.
Peggy Mason is an inspiring teacher. She teaches with passion and makes these fascinating topics really accessible. I am an Artist with a literary curriculum, and I managed to pass my exam, thanks to her permanent  attention to her students with non-scientific background. I feel like I've spent these 10 weeks around a bench in her anatomy lab. So proud to be initiated to this amazing science...
It is an amazing course, I would recommend to everyone interested in getting better understanding of how our nervous system works. It is very insightful and in simple way explains complex topics of neurobiology. It allowed me to perceive our reactions, behaviors and capabilities from completely new angle. Thank you Prof. Peggy Mason for sharing this course via Coursera! You did an amazing job!
I wanted a basic knowledge of the brain mechanisms to better understand perception and drug effects.  I learned much more and I am so happy! Prof Mason is a wonderful teacher that is able to make everything interesting using real-life examples and also some funny things from time to time.I think that what I learned is going to be useful in every aspect of life, both theorical and practical.
I want to really thank Dr Peggy Mason for such a wonderful course, your topics, your explanations, and your work was fascinating, Your passion was obvious as I loved all the things you've saidI took this course as a speech-language pathologist, I wanted to be specialized in the neurogenic language disorders and this course was so helpful.Thanks Coursera for such a wonderful opportunity !
I found this course to be excellent, and mentally stimulating, explaining things that we take for granted, and showing the amazing agility and range of the brain and CNS. The lecturer is great, clear and enthusiastic, and what I have learned is applicable not only in everyday life, but relevant in my work which often involves working with those suffering various neuro issues. Thank you!
This really is the neurobiology for everyone. English is not my native language and I have no relative academic background. But I could still understand every espect of this MOOC. Professor Mason inspired me a lot with her spirit of humanity throughout the course. Thank you for this wonderful course! I sincerely recommend this course to you guys who are interested in this magic topic.
I enjoyed this class very much and appreciated Dr. Mason's passion for neurobiology! I loved the way she presented the deeper concepts and bigger picture of the components of the brain, its structures and processes. There are many profound and heart-felt learning moments, as well as fun and interesting, eye--opening information as you're learning about neurobiology in everyday life!
An absolute pleasure to participate in this course. Peggy Mason is an amazing tutor who keeps you fully engaged within all contents of this course.   This is the first course which i have done on neurobiology but thanks to all involved with this course it certainly wont be the last. It is fascinating absolutely fascinating.  Thank you Peggy Mason for opening neurobiology up to me .
This course is very interesting, its help understand people and yourself. Amazing teacher! She explain everything very accessible and understandable! And also with humor. This course has been very helpful to me. I studied neurobiology in my native language (Russian) at the university, I understood less than after this course! I recommend to everyone. Thanks so much for the course.
Great course and amazing professor Peggy Mason. I recommend this course strongly even if you are just curious. Professor has both strong capability of knowledge and pedagogy + sense of humor which you would like to continue listening to her and learn along the way. I myself became more interested in neurobiology and tend to continue further education on this. Thank you!
I was very impressed, it was a very good course! Excellent lessons and excellent instructor. I was inspired by how Prof. Mason loves what she's teaching. It seems like she knows what she doing and really understand it. She teaches by making easy for students to understand as well. And after all the lessons are very helpful for you to understand the brain much better.
Incredible class.  I learned 10 times more than I thought I would and 100 times more about neurobiology than I knew before the class.  This class was for personal interest for my son who recently was diagnosed with MS.  I learned so much that will be able to help me and him with this.  Thank you for this class!  It was so worth it.  One of my favorites on Coursera.
AMAZING Course, I'd recommend it to the world. Thank you so much Dr. Mason for teaching. One of the best teachers I know, til date! (Better than a lot of my school teachers even!). The knowledge that I got from this course was absolutely great as well. Slightly sad this is the end of the course now. Would have loved to continue talking to Dr. Mason about her work!
I enjoyed this course very much. The subject matter can be quite difficult to understand but Dr. Peggy Mason does an excellent job teaching the material in a way that allows even students without a background in neurobiology to understand it. Dr. Mason keeps her lectures very interesting and engaging by giving real world examples. I highly recommend this course!
I simply loved this course, especially Peggy Mason's way of speaking naturally, not following a script, just talking. I did a course on Neuroanatomy from DUKE University before, which was a little more technical, whereas this MOOC was more linked to everyday life, and the two courses just clicked nicely. I also found Peggy Mason on utube, so I keep learning.
I want to thank professor Peggy.  I was going to give up on this class. Because I have  ADHD and one night I had a dream and she told me do not to give up take your time. The day when I woke up I had a new feeling and I said I am going to master this. I was so glad that she allowed us to do video it helped me out a lot.  Thank you for such a great class.
Thank you very much for the course. My understanding of brain improved a lot and also it made me more aware of how other people may perceive the world very differently from myself. I found the level of depth just enough for me to get through it without being too buried in terminology and details. The assignments were fun too. Excellent course, thank you.
The way of delivering the lectures is so simple yet effective . The teacher is so sweet and amazing . She explains even the most difficult mechanisms in the most simple and easy way . Videos are not lengthy so student does not get fed up . It provides an excellent explanation of various disorders and anatomy of brain with the help of labs and videos  .
This course has been beautifully illustrated by Prof. Peggy Mason with real life examples including her cat Tula's activities that we can connect with. The enthusiasm and the passion of Prof. Mason keeps the viewers hooked and I have a deep admiration for her. My interest in Neurobiology has been piqued and I wish to work in this field in the future.
Professor Mason is an incredible teacher. I love her way of passing knowledge and hope to have a chance to take another one of her courses. She has a way of finding beauty in knowledge and presenting it clearly and systematically (something I appreciate about professors).No joke, I'd recommend any of her courses, she is one of the best of her kind.
I have taken several "neuro" courses on Coursera.  This helped reviewed what I learned elsewhere and fill in some gaps. But more importantly, I think it would have been the best general introduction to start with.  Friendly, accessible, and surprisingly comprehensive.  Great first course in neuroscience or complementary course.  Highly recommended.
Coming from having only a background in General Biology 1, I found this course so much more interesting. I can only say that I have learned so much with Professor Mason. She is an excellent teacher and gives plenty of examples for her students to understand.  To finish, this course has opened my eyes to a very large field that I am interested in.
It is my first course that  finished on Coursera, and I feel lucky that I have chosen that and it raised my interest to keep learning more. Professor Mason's lecture is very vivid and easy to understand for student with little background of Neuroscience, and also full of humanity care and empathy for people who suffer from neurobiology diseases.
The course reinforced
my career choice, I am deeply interested in this topic and I wanted to delve
deeper into this knowledge and research. The course explains in an excellent way the operating mode of the brain systems, the knowledge acquired in class goes beyond simple fundamentals, helping to reflect more deeply about everyday neurobiology.
This is a course that touches in some many basic concepts and yet shows the application of them, so that it broadens the understanding of the nervous system. Dr. Mason is really a remarkable professor and it was a delight to learn some many difficult subjects in a way that ease the understanding of the integrated functioning of the brain.
Despite being a course that does not have prerequisites, it´s extremely thorough in guiding a non-medical student through neurobiology. Peggy Mason is incredibly passionate about the subject, and the subjects that have allowed the advancement of this science. It makes a big difference to have a professor fully invested in the topic.
I absolutely loved this course! It is the first one I took on Coursera and I am so glad for it. Professor Mason's enthusiasm about neurobiology is infectious and I found myself being more absorbed into the topic. I would like to thank both Coursera and the staff at University of Chicago who made this course available easily for us.
This was such an interesting course and although I am not a science student and I had to brush up my neurobiology vocabulary, I loved the course.  Prof. Peggy Mason was such an engaging and wonderful instructor.  The course wasn’t easy for me but I did complete it and I did read up on all the reference reads that were recommended.
My heartfelt thanks goes out to everyone involved with this MOOC.I learned so much form going through this material and thoroughly enjoyed my time on it every week.  Thank you for making it available to myself and others, it was a fantastic introduction to  neuroscience topics and Peggy Mason is a gifted instructor and teacher.
It is very good course for develop concept and I would like to give thanks to Professor Peggy Mason for conductive a fine knowledgeable course .Thank you very much once again I will be more happy if you give me certificate written with Distinction. I also appreciate to courser for giving as platform to get knowledge globally.
Dr. Mason kept me engaged the entire course and made all concepts super easy to understand.  I loved the small check-ins in between videos and having to apply the knowledge we learned in our quizzes and final project! 10/10 recommend to anyone who wants to learn more about how the brain is involved in every play of life!
This is a practical, well-organized course that provides a good intro  to the area of neurobiology. I have a graduate degree but it is not related to this field. I found the course to be challenging, but not overwhelming. Dr. Mason offers a strong scientific base, yet connects course content effectively to everyday life.
Professor Mason provides a very extensive, yet accessible, introduction to neurobiology with a focus on common neurobiological diseases.  The focus on diseases helps to understand how the neurobiology of the human body works by discussing what happens when things go wrong.  Excellent course!  Thank you Professor Mason!
I took this course for  the second time  to renew my knowledge. I absolutely in love with neurobiology thanks to Professor Manson. It was interesting even as I remembered about a half of the course. I definitely recommend this course to be taken a few times. Or once in a while to enjoy such a passionate neurobiologist!
Peggy Mason is exceptional at communicating complex concepts in a simple way. It's the most engaging Coursera course I've done so far!Despite having no medical background, Peggy made it easy to follow and stay connected. The course was interesting and informative, and she made the links to everyday's life very clear.
I am very thankful for being able to attend these valuable lectures taught by such an intelligent and powerful person. I hope I will have other opportunities like this to learn more from her in the future. Also, I will keep visiting this brilliant website to improve my skills and knowledge. Thank you for everything!
Excellent course. Gave me a good platform to learn the basics of neurobiology. The additional lab videos were fabulous. I totally enjoyed every bit of it. Professor Peggy was amazing, she explained the concepts in such an interesting way with real life examples, that I really enjoyed it. Thank you Prof. Peggy!
Great course! The 10 weeks fly by as your learn a wide variety of topics with a funny and very smart teacher Peggy Mason. This course is not only for medicine, neuroscience or other majors. It is for anyone who dares to explore the importance of the brain on our daily lives. More than a course, an experience.
Prossor peggy mason has done a very wondeful lively lectures which made to understand very clearly. Her teaching style and interest in giving her knowedlege to us is enormous. We can understand her dedication in her lecture. Thanks coursera for giving us the opportunity to meet such a well experienced person
Professor Mason enthusiasm and love of her subject radiates through and makes this course such a joy to participate in, she obviously knows her stuff through and through and instills trust in me as a student.  I love the balance between imparting facts and then relating them to our day to day life, good job!
I would love to recommend the course. I enjoyed the course despite it were pretty intense 10 weeks and I had to learn a lot. Of course it's only a beginning and there is an infinite way forward. Professor is making the process very engaging and it's impossible not to fell in love with neurobiology.💛 science
It was a very exciting course and I have particularly enjoyed the passion of Prof. Peggy Mason to share her deep knowledge with us. The course is extremely well done. It gives us the basic keys to understand the brain functions and inspires me to go further. Thank you very much for this high quality course.
This class was a fun way to approach this subject. The instructor is funny, gives close-up dissections, and lots of real-world examples in colloquial and medical terms that help the learner engage in the study of neurobiology. I thoroughly enjoyed this class, and I hope to continue to study under Dr. Mason.
This a very fascinating  MOOC, Professor Peggy Mason is a great, captivating teacher and a very positive, wonderful human being, sciences and humanity needs more people like Her! One you get this course you will fell in love with Neurobiology , be prepared for that! Thank you Professor for your dedication!
Absolutely fantastic course ! I loved the Professor Mason, she managed to explain everything in such easy terms. For me it was the first time to deal with the science of neurobiology, and I am happy I have done this course as I have learned so much! Thank you again or providing this wonderful opportunity!
I really enjoyed going through this course. It definitely has increased my understanding of the brain and concepts which were difficult before were explained so well in this course. Above all, Professor Peggy Mason’s teaching is so understandable, easy and enjoyable. Love her passion for neurobiology!!
I tried this course for a third time already during last 3 years, and finally I got my first certificate of Neuroscience. I also watch 4 other courses on Coursera. And I think this one is the best start for these who decide to dive into Neuroscience. Thanks to everyone who made this courser possible!
Those who are interested in neuroscience, this is an excellent course which covers many aspects of neurobiology.The special feature of this course is it explains the disordeo and diseases caused by the impairment of CNS or PNS. I will recommend this course who wish to do graduation in neuroscience.
I loved this course and the thoughtful way in which Prof. Peggy has designed and delivered the course. She has provided sufficient links for extra resources and is very lucid in her delivery throughout. Will strongly recommend it to anyone who is intrigued by the mystic ways in which mind works!
Pr Mason is EXCELLENT!I really enjoyed this course and could not expected more from it. Everything remained pretty basic in terms of neuro-knowledge in general but it has definitely provided me with fundamentals and has reinforced my interest of this topic.Thanks Coursera, Thanks Pr P. Mason
Prof Peggy Mason was passionate about what she teaches. Her ability to link her vast knowledge about Neurobiology to everyday life is a big benefit. As in any online course, this requires commitment. But the benefits start to increase greatly towards the last few weeks, at least for me.
This has been a fantastic course that has completely transformed the way I look at life, and the way I look at others. The passion and the knowledge that Dr. Peggy Mason brought to the classes were amazing. Thank you Dr. Peggy Mason and your team for producing such a  remarkable course.
"5 Stars" goes to Professor Peggy Mason's way of explaining such a complex subject in a layman' language for Non-Medicos.  The examples, case studies in each of the module were very elaborate and clearly explained.  I thoroughly enjoyed learning the 10 weeks course.  Thank you so much.
This was a very hard course due to it's many parts.  The instructor Dr. Peggy Masonmade it so much easier, because she explains everything so well.                   II really enjoyed learning .She is a excellent teacher and she makes it easier to understand.  Thank you !!!Brenda Hill
This course helped me understand my memories about the brain stroke my relative had and the problems with voluntary movement and producing language she experienced after that with. I'm excited about all the information about brain structure and functions provided in this course.
Dr. Peggy Mason is a wonderful professor. Her lectures will not just help whomever takes this course understand the neurobiology of the brain better. They will also help people genuinely feel empathy for individuals suffering from neuropsychiatric disorders. Highly recommend!
I really enjoyed this course, I found the lectures stimulating and highly informative! I now see neurobiology in my life more often--I can observe the cerebellar function of cats like never before, and I feel that I now have a good understanding of mammalian neuroanatomy.
Excellent course. The teacher is so passionate about the topic that it makes you want to learn even more. Very well explained, short videos that help you remember the important concepts better and very well picked subjects. I wish there were more Dr. Peggy Masons around!
As a retired prof with many years of teaching experience, I can safely say that Peggy Mason is an absolutely masterful teacher.  She is passionate about her subject matter and she explains it beautifully.  This is the best MOOC course I have taken--and I've had several.
This course goes into minute detail describing the brain and central nervous system anatomy , while relating its function and ailments to many conditions we see around us or even in ourselves . Great learning experience , and professor Mason's lectures are a joy .
Prof. Mason has clarified my doubts systematically with her best explanation and informative illustrations. One should consider this course to broaden their understanding of the basics of Neurobiology and Neuroanatomy. It was worth investing time in this course.
Best class I have ever taken. I love love LOVE the professor--she's brilliant and extremely passionate about what she does. Great course for anyone, even high schoolers. I took this as a junior in high school and did great! It's hard but very very worth it :)
This professor has beautifully and skillfully chartered out this course each module after the other.  Anyone interested in neuroscience or even just wanting to understand the beauty of the most magnificient part of our body shoudl definetely take this course!
One of the best courses and professors I have ever had. Dr. Mason loves neuroscience and it comes across in her videos. She shows great respect and sympathy for the patients and medical conditions she describes. I can only hope she does more online courses.
Professor Mason's enthusiasm for this endlessly fascinating topic is so infectious.  I loved the format of the course, intertwined and supported by real life references and stories, a sure way for the learnt to be imbedid in memory. Thank you, prof Mason!
This course was really helpful, gave me a good understanding of neurology and new perspective to view neuroscience. It helped me with deeper knowledge of neuro and it was truly great experience to be virtual student of Ms. Mason. i absolutely loved it!!
This course is just excellent. Interesting, modern, easy to understand and at the same time highly informative. I also bought a book by professor Mason, the one we can sometimes see on the video during the course and strongly recommend it to everyone.
I enjoyed this course because it assisted my journey in the grieving process for my husband who passed away six years ago from a brain tumor.  Dr. Mason has a clear and concise teaching style that works well for any student (medical and non-medical).
I loved it. Learnt so much. Hope i return to human society something valuable from all that i have learnt here. Prof. Peggy is an adorable tutor. Her inter-disciplinary knowledge and easy communication skills are so helpful.Thanks for everything!
This is a wonderful course! My daughter has neurological issues. I started this course to understand her better and it is actually working! Even though this course is taking up my time, I don't want to give it up, because it's very informative.
it was really an amazing experience. she is the best neuro teacher till now. the way she teaches, creating with books and movies, and everyday example is just awesome.I recommend this course to everyone who is seeking to learn about the brain.
Peggy is a very passionate professor with a gift for conveying complex details in a clear and easy to understand way. I highly recommend that if you sit this course to read the books Peggy notes throughout. Thank you Peggy for your hard work!
Such an amazing, in-depth course on neurobiology! Ms.Mason is a passionate teacher and makes you really interested in neurobiology and the nervous system. There are so many applications to everyday life and I am very glad I took this course!
Outstanding course!! Professor Mason does an amazing job at explaining the complexity of the nervous system, bringing it to live and giving examples of every day life. Fascinating, challenging and easy to follow course! I recommend it fully!
This course is one of the great course I have ever taken. I highly recommended to anyone who loves to learn about the brain. The course is well organized. Professor Peggy Mason is an excellent teacher, and she's explanations are fascinating.
"Understanding the Brain: The Neurobiology of Everyday Life" is an excellent course. Professor Peggy Mason is able to teach clearly and objectively. The course is divided into weeks and topics, what facilitate learning. I really recommend.
I found the programme very informative and engaging. I learnt concepts in neurobiology and post the programme, I am able to see neurobiology play out all around us in our everyday life. Dr. Mason's teaching style is informal and engaging.
Professor Mason was simply outstanding. She explained every concept in great detail, and I admire her jovial personality and sense of humor. This, combined with the production team's exceptional work, elevated the course to new heights.
This was an amazing course, I couldn't recommend it highly enough. The professor did a great work presenting the information in a comprehensive yet accessible way, the material was well structured, and the content extremely interesting.
I really liked the way Professor Mason presented the course, and it provide a very thorough initial understanding of the brain and brain systems. I will definitely recommended to anyone who wish to become more familiar with the brain.
The lecturer  and given material are great but the course is really hard and there is a lot to learn. This time I didn't have enough time to spare so I am very happy that there is an opportunity to finish it during the next session :)
This course was fun, interesting and well taught. I understood basic principles of how the sensory organs work and what effect can malfunctions have. I would recommend it to anyone who wants to learn more about how our body functions.
This course is very helpful and very well taught by Professor Manson. I must say teachings of professor are more interesting, clearly understood and contains deep knowledge than what we learn in lecture halls by attending the school.
This is the best course i have ever gone through.i learnt many things and this is the only course i would recommend to anyone.thank you for this amazing experience professor Peggy Mason has given me!!  hope i meet her in the future.
It was an amazing journey, i fell in love with neuroscience. I joined this course because i had many question regarding neuroscience. but, now I am very much confident. this course structure is very easily understandable. Loved it !
Excellently presented by professor Mason, the course was well designed for on-line learning, I particularly liked the structure of the course, the Content and online tools, all making the learning of complex material so much easier.
It is a fun, interesting and well-organized course that will be helpful for people with various levels of knowledge on the nervous system, even those who had already studied it in some way, or those who don't know anything about it.
I always learn new things! This course is incredibly helpful, especially if you know a little about neuroscience and you are interested with brain issues. Highly recommended! (I am a senior student in Boğaziçi University psychology)
One of the most informative, engaging and interesting courses I have ever attended. Dr. Peggy Mason's ability to explain this topic to laypeople is outstanding. I am very happy with how much I have learned and how enjoyable it was.
This course has given a gd knowledge about neurobiology  💓. Dr. Paggy has done a tremendous job,  thnx to her,,, i will appreciate everyone to go through this course fr a better conception in master of everything,, our brain🥰💯
Thank you so much Prof. Mason for sharing your knowledge so generously. I have really enjoyed this class and gained a better understanding of so many things in our bodies and our minds. I would recommend this class to everyone.
Peggy you are amazing!!! Thank you so much for teaching this course! I've learn a great amount from this course and decided to take neuroscience as my future career. Thank you, again, for leading me in! ----student from China.
Amazing course, you  have truly opened up a new career path for me, and Peggy Mason you are great and I am going to miss listening to your explantions, but hopefully in the world of Nuerobiology we will meet again! Thank You
Amazing course, especially for beginners who don't have enough knowledge in neuroscience and/or human physiology. It was a fun experience for me, I enjoyed every moment of it, great work from Dr. Peggy Mason and her team.
Colleagues, do not miss it out, this is probably the best course on the platform. Unbelievable, anatomical specimens were dissected just for the course. Also, there is a 2017 version on YouTube, do not miss that as well.
It's a fantastic course for introduction to your brain! This is the starting point if you wanna specialize into some very specific brain functions like sleeping, language learning/comprehension, as well as some diseases
This course is challenging enough without being too hard. If you like learning and neurobiology, I fully recommend it. It is fun and worth your time, with detailed explanations and examples from real-life situations.
One of the most amazing courses that I have ever had, made me think about neuroscience in a different way and helped me link between what we feel at different situations and what REALLY happens inside us then...
A fantastic course that has enhanced my understanding of the brain!  Dr. Mason is an astounding instructor and, through the way she shares her knowledge, she's motivated me to continue learning about the brain.
It was a great experience, the topics are complex but Professor Mason does a wonderful job at breaking it down for us to understand it! It's really worth it and it has only made me love neurobiology even more.
This course is really amazing. I've learned a lot of knowledge and some interesting cases. This is my first step into neuroscience and it's a wonderful step. Thank you, Peggy Manson, and this platform as well.
This course helped me to systematize and deep knowledge about brain anatomy and function. Also I was very impressed and touched with Prof. Mason's full of empathy attitude towards people with brain lessions.
The course is wonderful. Suitable for non-specialists in the field of medicine. And even with a low level of English, it is easy enough to understand. The lectures are brief, but very informative. Thanks!
I really enjoyed this course and thank Peggy Mason very much. I would like attend her other courses, she is very positive, involved and excited about the subject. That`s really helps in learning proccess.
Great course! Content was fascinating and very thoroughly explained. Professor Peggy Mason's passion for the subject was inspiring. The course was very well organised and achievable! I really enjoyed it.
Thank you so much for a wonderful course. I really enjoyed and always looked forward to every lesson that Professor Mason presented. She has brought me to love and want to know more about neurobiology.
Great course with the best professor who can explain everithing! Not very easy to understand everything from the first time but it's not impossible to see into! I really like the professor Peggy Mason!
Thank you so much for the course. It was great, clear and very interesting. Despite the fact that I am an architect, neurobiology really fascinated me and all thanks to you. Thank you for your work.🙏
This course has turned out to very profitable, especially if you are not an expert in anatomical and clinical terms as is my case. In my opinion, this course is extremely interesting, congratulations.
This course is challenging and engaging.  I enjoy the in video quizzes and the set up of final quizzes really makes you learn the material.  Peggy Mason does a great job explaining everything.Thanks!
It was a great learning experience!!! In-depth understanding of brain and its functioning was clearly explained. Brain lab sessions were extremely unique and has added great value to the course!!!
It is very interesting and the teacher, Peggy, explains it simply enough to understand this complex subject. I learnt a lot about our brain and its anatomy and functions. I strongly recommend it.
It was an excellent course and helped understand a lot about the basics of neurobiology. Although i would have preferred some more technical details but the simplified overview was just as good.
Dear Ms. Peggy, Thank you very much. It is really a great experience and I know so much about myself and other people too. All the best to you and all your love ones.Best reagrd,Monica Malijani
Amazing course! I have done a few science related courses on coursera and nothing compares to this one. Very well explained and the professor has an amazing way of teaching. Highly recommend!
Professor Mason's passion for her field is evident and she makes a complex subject accessible to people like me with zero knowledge of the subject.  Thoroughly enjoyed the course, thank you.
This course was fantastic and transformative. Studying the brain changes your life, and this course gave me a solid grounding to better understand everything else I learn about the brain.
A great experience, so thrilling to understan a bit more about our amazing nervous system and brains! Dr. Mason is wonderful, giving everyday examples so we can all relate and understand.
Excellent. Passionate teacher, well rounded modules. The way of formulating questions in the weekly exams is sometimes difficult to understand. Could and should be cleared by the authors.
Peggy Mason is Awesome!  Thank you for your generosity, passion and dedication to helping others understand the brain.  I found the course extremely interesting, helpful and valuable!
Great course to understand the brain and its vastness! Thank you, Dr. Peggy Mason, for this excellent course. I highly recommend it for anybody new to the field of the brain sciences.
Professor Peggy Mason is wonderful! The course is extremely manageable, well organized, and incredibly interesting, connecting neurobiology to common and rare medical conditions.
it was overall a best experience to learn this course by Professor Peggy Mason. I will strongly recommend this high yield course to all those interested in learning neurobiology.
excellent course for every one, good contents on Neurobiology  and presentation by professor peggy meson undoubted super, i will recommend one should try for this course. thanks
Exciting, challenging, and very clear. I was delighted to be taught by Professor Peggy Mason. Very clear explanation, very interesting examples, a lot of additional materials.
This is one of the best courses I have taken in my life. By the way, I am taking it for the second time now to refresh my knowledge in the subject and enjoy it all over again.
Dr. Peggy Mason is a wonderful teacher, the course is easy to follow and deeply fascinating. Definitely recommend it for anyone interested in learning more about how we work!
Excellent content and a top notch instructor.  This course helps the learner understand how the brain processes stimuli and correlates to everyday life.  Highly recommended!
Absolutely excellent course. So very, very well and clearly explained, so interesting, so applicable to what we see around us every day in our own and everyone else's action
A comprehensive and fascinating course about the structure and functions of the brain and its intimate relationship with the body and human behaviour. Highly recommendable
The course was execellent. Professor Peggy Mason introduced us to neurobiology in comprehensive and engaging way. I will recomend this course ! thank you professor Maggy!
Doing this as prep for my Biopsych class next year. Really enjoying the material, Peggy's delivery (and affection for the humble neuron) is infectious. Many thanks, Jess
A very interesting course that delivers neurobiology in an amount of depth that is not too basic, but still understandable by people who do not really major in biology.
Excellent course, the materials are great, the final project is also very interesting, anyone who wants to know more about the brain should take it! Highly recommended!
This course is amazing and it gives a great perspective into Neurobiology. Dr. Peggy Mason's engagement to the course is wonderful. Entirely, this course is flawless!
good video lectures, good idea with the small quizes after every section. Peggy was fun to listen too and she got difficult things over quite clearly. Worth repeating
Excellent course. Mason is a great and enthusiastic instructor. I would only expect a bit more anatomical information  of the central and peripheral nervous system.
Dr. Mason is a joy to have as an instructor.  I hope for the opportunity to learn from her in the future.  I look forward to following her work on LinkedIn and FB.
This course was EXCELLENT!!!! I learned so much and I loved Peggy! I just wish it had gone on longer. This course was very fun and also very informative. 5 STARS!!
By far one of the best experiences in online learning that i had! Professor Peggy Mason is Amazing! I recommend her book too (the one by her right in the videos).
Awesome course.  Lots of concepts covered.  Will probably review again in a while since I know I will learn even more if I repeat some of the more complex topics.
A great course! Topics are very well explained and answer many fundamental questions about the working of our brain and about diseases and pretty much everything.
Excellent course! I'm working on machine learning using neural network, and this class provide a fascinating insight into how brain really works. Very inspiring.
The lessons by Prof. Peggy was very engaging and interesting. I learned a lot regarding the neurobiology of life and the brain itself. It was a good experience.
Great! I love the course, Prof. Mason! I really appreciate your way of explaining and visually showing everything! Great to see all written or drawn as well! :)
What can I say? I never thought I was going to learn neurobiology (or should I say neurology) in such an easy and fun manner. Congrats to Professor Peggy Mason.
Truly a perfect learning experience to get you from little to no neurobiological knowledge to a level that prepares you for advanced understanding and studies.
It was a beautiful journey with Prof. Peggy Mason. She explained everything so immensely. Just a super interesting course if you can grab all the lectures!!
Very good course! Would recommend to anybody who is interested in the nervous system and neurobiology. It is well taught and not too demanding of your time.
What an amazing way to explain the nervous system, its development, and functions of each of the components. I am following in love with the subject.Claudia
As a molecular biologist who is interested in neurosciences, I have learnt a great deal from Prof. Mason. She really is a neuro-chauvinist (in a good way)!
149/5000The best for people interested in learning the basics of neurobiology, the best teacher, thank you very much for allowing me to learn with you!
Professor Mason has prepared the course in a very systematic manner  and presented the subject in a way that makes it easy to understand and to follow.
Simply amazing! Dr. Peggy Mason is amazing at her work and is amazing at teaching as well! I really recommend this course to those who are interested!
Masterful teaching. This professor (Peggy Mason) takes complex information and lays it out in a clear, coherent and highly engaging way. Thank you!
This is such an incredible course to learn! Thank you so much for the professor Mason and her team to provide this great opportunity for everyone!
Examples on real brain and the narrative style of the professor made this course the best course I ever attended on coursera.org! Big Thank You!
It's been such a great experience learning from Dr. Peggy Mason. I have surely benefited a lot by choosing this course. Definitely recommended!
It was an exciting journey to the world of Neurobiology! Huge thanks to Prof. P. Mason for the drive, passion, and rich content of the course.
Easy to understand, and a pleasure to watch and listen to. This is a fabulous course to take before taking Duke's medical neuroscience course.
Excellent job Dr. Mason! Your love and passion of neurobiology really shows in your teaching. I would highly recommend this course to anyone.
I really loved the content and the way it was presented.  Perfect starter into this world or refresher if you are familiar with the language.
Professor Peggy Mason is a great teacher. Her passion for the subject is very evident in all her lectures. I was sad when the course ended.
This course helps me to have better understanding somebody has illness and have more sympathy/ empathy for others with scientific reasons.
The topic is interesting enough, but Ms. Peggy Mason's personality and teaching style definitely makes 10 weeks fly by. All thanks to her.
Excellent course! I learned so much. The material was definitely hard, but Professor Mason did a fantastic job making it understandable.
I very much appreciated the amount of detail Professor Mason put into her videos. I also loved how much of her personality came through.
If you want to learn the most advanced technology on Earth, this course is for you. Peggy is super teacher, great fun learning from her.
Excellent!  Everyone should take this course.  I have a greater understanding of how our brain works and why we do things the way we do!
beautiful and the teacher is really cool, smart and kind!! I really enjoyed learn!! Thank you!! I now I follow you in twitter! Awesome!
Excelent, the teacher explain with love,  unbelieveble speak 7 to 10 minutes max., per block,  but a lot of contents, i bought his book
It's really amazing to view neurobiology through the case analysis of everyday life! I really like the course and the way it is taught!
Great course! Exactly what I need in my professional activity! Direct, clear and to-the-point concepts and explanations! Thank you!
I am so happy that I took this course. I’ve always had an interest in neurobiology and Professor Mason was awesome at teaching it.
Incredibly fun and extremely informative. I want to thank the lecturer and people behind the scene for their extraordinary effort.
The outstanding professor, hard and interesting course, learned a lot, used a lot of learned material with my clients. Thank you!
This course is very useful for me. The information is understandable, interesting and interactive given. Thank you very much!!!!
It was an amazing course, it was very understandable and i learned a lot during this 10 weeks. Nice course. Highly recommended
Fantastic course. Prof Mason is terrific - perfect balance of theory and narrative; science and empathy. Really enjoyed that!
This class has helped in my current work and gave me an understand what my father in-law was dealing with having Alzheimer's
Terrific course. Professor Peggy Mason was a fabulous teacher and made learning fun. Thank you Professor Mason and Coursera.
Fantastic course with a great teacher. Can recommend it to anyone. Enjoyed it hugely and I am very sorry that it has ended.
Very well explained and fascinating information. I tried this course for a week and now planning to do the certification.
The most interesting course I have ever done and has led me to pursue higher education in neuroscience in mental health.
The course is great, however, the title was misleading. It said the course was 4 weeks long, but it is actually 10 weeks
Brilliant course! Couldn't of had a better instructor. I wish I could have Peggy as a supervisor for postgraduate study.
Dr. Mason is incredible at teaching and her passion for science contagious! I’d take any class thought by her anytime !
I love completing this course along side my sister and enjoyed the way my teacher presented the course. Well worth it!
Excellent course. Great instructor. Speaks clearly and her passion about what she's teaching makes it easier to learn.
I loved this course, thank you so much for this opportunity to learn such great knowledge, it really changed my life.
A great course,. The instructor communicates very well some complicated but very interesting facts about the brain.
A fascinating course from a great natural teacher, one who is truly in love with her topic.  More, please Ms Peggy!
I enjoyed the course a lot! It is engaging and Peggy is awesome -and always has an example with cats XD. Loved it!
Thank you Prof. Mason and UChicago! Very well structured course with rich content and extremely beginner friendly.
Great course and extraordinary empathetic Professor! Amazing! I
loved every single minute. Strongly recommended!
Particularly interesting and demanding! I am very happy to have learned so much! Profound lessons! Thanks a lot!
If you love the brain you’ll love this course. Commit to the entire 10 weeks. Professor Peggy Mason is amazing!
Exceptional course, very well explained . I would recommend everybody to buy the book of  Professor Peggy Mason
Fantastic content that is very well presented and oragnised. The presenter is very engaging and knowledgeable.
This is, probably, the best MOOC that I've come across ever. Clear, funny, rigorous and really realy exciting.
easy and fun way of understanding brain, I love the way Peggy Mason explains the  concepts it's easy to follow
Very didactic- Peggy is wonderful at making it (relatively!) easy to understand. Great for a beginner like me
I loved the course! Professor Peggy Mason is sooo charismatic. Great course to start Neuroscience studying.
Awesome, great instructor, and a definite recommendation to other learners.  And, you can't beat the price!
fantastic really very very good .. the method of explanation is so interested with high quality of subjects
Amazing! Peggy is a wonderful teacher and full of passion! I highly recommend this course to everyone! :)
Very comprehensive (especially for someone who already has taken anatomy lessons), extremely interesting!
really enjoying this course and like the pop quiz style questions during the videos to keep you focussed
Best Mooc I have ever attended till now, thanks you very much for this valuable and accessible knowledge
Fantastic course. Structure and pace of instruction were perfect. Excellent for newbies to neuroscience.
i enjoyed every aspect of this course and I would like to see Peggy Mason have more courses like this.
The best course that i did in Coursera. The teacher is very good and i learned a lot about the brain.
Excellent course! Prof. Peggy Mason is one of the best lecturers I've had. Keep up the amazing work!
It's a very completed course and the explanations are fascinating. Thank you, Professor Peggy Mason!
It was a great, informative and simple made course for beginners of neurobiology!Thank you,Andriana
I love this course!!!!  I can so inspired by Prof. Peggy. It rekindled my passion for neuroscience.
it's my first time i find such a serious website of studies , its an honour to follow its courses .
This class improved my general understanding of the human brain. Peggy is a wonderful instructor.
Excellent course!. Professor Mason does an excellent job when explaining the topics. Thank you!
Fascinating. A wonderful overview of the workings of the nervous system. Left me wanting more!
really very helpful to me as explained with variety of examples in relatively simple language
Excellent class to understand the basics of the nervous system. Pr Peggy Mason is wonderful!
what an amazing MOOC, an outstanding content, and the best learning designt of every module
Such an interesting course! Just loved it. Thank you Prof.Mason and thanks alot Coursera!!
This is a fantastic course that will give you a great overview of everyday neurobiology.
I like the course very much. Everything is absolutely clear and Prof. Mason is charming!
Just great overall! And doable for non native english speakers and High school students.
Great knowledge transmitted with passion by Peggy Mason, I won't forget her enthusiasm.
Amazing course. The classes are fun, full of curiositites, context and a moderate pace.
It's really interesting and helping me a lot and thanks a lot to this amazing professor
This course is great because the professor is very respectful and makes simple lessons!
Great introduction for neurobioloy/neuroscience that covers a wide range of knowledge!
Peggy Mason is a wonderful teacher, she explains you a lot of things in a simple way.
This course will teach you more than you ever wanted/needed to know about the brain.
The best course I had. Didn't even know it could be so lovely. Definitely recommend!
This was an extremely informative course that was presented in a very engaging way.
Peggy Mason is a gem of a teacher. Insightful course. Thanks to everybody involved.
Excellent course. Loved the proffessor, her style and insight was very refreshing.
The course is Amazing, thank you very much team and teacher Chicago university !!!
This course is quiet helpful and interesting. thanks for teaching this so well :)
It's a very good course, easy to understand and nice teacher. thank you very much
Wonderful lecturer and very well presented accessible content. Thank you so much.
Dr. Masson is one of the best teachers that I had met in all my life. Thank you.
it's extremely awesome course to enhance that understanding behaviour of nature
That was a great opportunity and support.....feeling blessed🤗 ....stay blessed
This course help me to understand how the brain function and control our body.
I loved studying this course. It has elevated my motivation for neurobiology.
I love professor Mason!! She is so passionate and makes me love Neurobiology.
Great class and Peggy Mason made the class fun and to understand Neurobiology
Enjoyed every minute. Can't wait to see what else Professor chooses to share.
A very detailed course with amazing explanations and everyday life examples!
Fulfilled my goal. Thanks a lot for letting me to update about neurobiology.
Very interesting and well explained tour of brain structures and functions.
It is very helpful course for those who have zero background in this topic.
Love this course! So informative and the everyday example is so interesting
Extremely interesting course taught with great enthusiasm and explanation.
Amazingly interesting course! Fitting for beginners. Thank you very much!!
I really enjoyed this course.I liked Peggy's style of delivering lectures.
I really appreciated the course, the professor is amazing and passionate.
Captivating, concise and funny! What else you need from an online course)
Terrific course! Professor is brilliant and makes neurobiology fun, too.
Wonderful! Peggy is an excellent professor. This course is exceptional.
Awesome basic course for everyone who wants to start with neurobiology.
Pretty good for general understanding of the central nervous system....
Understanding neurobiology on a simplified and easy level. Thank you :)
Informative, Challenging, and Easy to Follow. Great course for anyone.
A perfect account of the basics of neuroscience. a wonderful teacher.
This course was extremely well thought out.  I enjoyed it very much.
It is very interesting and informative course with great professor!
excelente course. I learnt a lot about the brain and how it works.
Its one of the most informative and best course one can ever have.
Amazing Professor , amazing neruobiology , Amazing in everythings
Great course! Well explicated and very didactic. Congratulations!
This is a very useful course for me. Thank you, Professor Mason!
One of the best Neuroscience courses available on the internet
Very nice , Good for beginner to understand the neuroscience.
This course has helped me to improve my knowledge. Thank you!
Very well presented; great material. I recommend this course.
Excellent course. Professor Mason gave a great presentation.
it was an Excellent Experience!!!!!! Love professor Mason!
Course that worths time and wonderful teacher Peggy Mason
Absolutely loved Dr. Mason! Her pedagogy is spectacular!
Excellent course Both content and the Prof are excellent
Professor Mason was perfect, I really like this course!
Very informative if you are interested in neurobiology.
got answers for those doubts, i was tired of googling!
Fabulous course !! Excellent teacher and great content
I like this course a lot. I will study it again soon!
Best course that I personally have ever encountered.
Speechless! This is amazing and excellent lecturer.
Very rigorously designed and helpful for learners!
It´s a very good course and a very good professor!
very interesting and well managed. congratulations
Its excellent course, i got lots of knowledge from
One of the best courses. The professor is amazing
Love the course, the professor, and neuroscience.
This is an excellent Course. Thank you very much.
Thank you for this opportunity, Professor Mason!
Excellent course. Learnt a great deal. Thank you
Very interenting and simple for all the people.
Great journey through brain.So exciting!Thanks.
The course is fantastic. The teacher is great.
very usefull for better understand the brain.
It's nice to improve knowledge. Thank you! :)
Fun and interesting Course.   Thanks so much!
It is an interesting course, I recommend it.
The perfect course and wonderful proffessor
Excellent, great information and well paced
very detailed explanations, its really good
This one is awesome course. But a big one.
Great course with an excellent instructor!
Really good for understanding neuroscience
A great insight into a complicated topic!
Very high quality, Would highly recommend
Such a great course and amazing teacher!
Thank you Peggy Mason! I learned a lot.
Perfect topics from a perfect lecturer.
super informative and engaging course!
Very good introduction to neurobiology
Wonderful,Interesting and insightful..
Loved this course and the professor!
I loved Peggy. I loved the material.
So interesting ! Excellent teacher.
Amazing course, Amazing professor.
A wonderful and enriching course.
Peggy Mason is a great professor!
Wonderfully engaging instructor!
Great course!Dr. Iliayn Yurukov
it is great for medical student
Exceptional ecourse, thank you!
Great course. Thank you Peggy.
Teacher explains very good!!!
That was an amazing course!
Thank you! Amazing course!
amazing I learned so much!
detail, easy to approach
Great and very complete
Very well constructed !
Peggy Mason is my hero.
I learned a lot thanks!
Its an awesome course.
Explained beautifully
Absolutely Fantastic!
This Course is Lit !
Very smart course.
She is just great!
This was awesome.
incredible class
Peggy is great!
Great class!
